Pt is a 71 y/o male with h/o dm2 , cad s/p cabg , DVT/PE on long term anti-coagulation , ulcerative colitis on Asacol presents with brbpr starting at 9am of the morning of admission . He 'd been having lower abdominal pain for approximately the past week , a symptom for which he 's been admitted in the past . His PCP had recently started ciprofloxacin for a UTI .  At 9am the morning of admission he passed a large , bloody bowel movement and came to the Michael . There , his vitals were intially stable with a hct of 36.7 , though he was felt to be hypovolemic and this hemoconcentrated ; his previous hct was 39 about five months ago . He refused an NG lavage . Although an initial DRE showed only clot , he later passed a large , bloody bowel movement , and his bp nadired to the low 90's but rested there only transiently and easily rebounded to the 130's-140's with fluid ; he then went to angiography for a tagged RBC scan where they found and embolized two vessels to the sigmoid colon . His HCT had dropped from 36.7 to 30.8 despite 2U PRBC and 3 U FFP . Is called out of the FICU as has been been HD and stable HCT . Currently denies CP , SOB , abd pain or continued BRBPR .
The patient is a 28-year-old woman who is HIV positive for two years . She presented with left upper quadrant pain as well as nausea and vomiting which is a long-standing complaint . She was diagnosed in 1991 during the birth of her child . She claims she does not know why she is HIV positive . She is from Maryland , apparently had no blood transfusions before the birth of her children so it is presumed heterosexual transmission . At that time , she also had cat scratch fever and she had resection of an abscess in the left lower extremity . She has not used any anti retroviral therapy since then , because of pancytopenia and vomiting on DDI . She has complaints of nausea and vomiting as well as left upper quadrant pain on and off getting progressively worse over the past month . She has had similar pain intermittently for last year . She described the pain as a burning pain which is positional , worse when she walks or does any type of exercise . She has no relief from antacids or H2 blockers . In 10/92 , she had a CT scan which showed fatty infiltration of her liver diffusely with a 1 cm cyst in the right lobe of the liver . She had a normal pancreas at that time , however , hyperdense kidneys . Her alkaline phosphatase was slightly elevated but otherwise relatively normal . Her amylase was mildly elevated but has been down since then . The patient has had progressive failure to thrive and steady weight loss . She was brought in for an esophagogastroduodenoscopy on 9/26 but she basically was not sufficiently sedated and readmitted at this time for a GI work-up as well as an evaluation of new abscess in her left lower calf and right medial lower extremity quadriceps muscle . She was also admitted to be connected up with social services for HIV patients .
The patient is an 80 year old female with breast cancer , status post lumpectomy / radiation therapy / Tamoxifen ( 2000 ) , hypertension , hyperlipidemia , multiple urinary tract infections who presents with a four day prodrome of dry cough , rhinorrhea , coryza , malaise , chills , headache , decreased p.o. intake , loose bowel movements with diarrhea and no blood , decreased urine output , no sick contacts , had flu shot this year . In the Emergency Department , she had labile blood pressure with systolic blood pressure in the 80 s .   Her usual is systolic blood pressure in the 120 s , this was despite two liters of intravenous fluids and she was transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for closer monitoring for possible early sepsis . The Intensive Care Unit course was notable for initially receiving broad spectrum antibiotics as well as a white blood cell count of 11.0 with 15 bands . She was ultimately changed to Levaquin for a possible early pneumonia pending cultures . The Intensive Care Unit course was also notable for negative chest x-ray , two units of packed red blood cells for a hematocrit of 24.0 with appropriate bump in her hematocrit and no evidence of bleeding , stable blood pressure despite a net fluid balance of negative 2.5 liters . No central access was needed . The sepsis protocol was aborted . Also of note , her liver function tests had been normal . Random cortisol was 17 and her DFA was positive for influenzae A with a viral culture pending at the time of discharge . Blood and urine cultures were no growth at the time of discharge as well . She also had a right lower extremity noninvasive ultrasound that was negative for deep venous thrombosis . PAST MEDICAL HISTORY : Breast cancer diagnosed in 2010 , Stage I , status post left lumpectomy , on 2012-05-08 , and repeat surgery with sentinel node dissection on 2012-06-05 . Invasive mucinous carcinoma with estrogen receptor positivity and HER2/NEU negative . Left chest radiation , on Tamoxifen therapy . She is followed by Dr. Alonso Naugle . Question of vertebral basilar cerebrovascular accident in 2016-08-17 , with associated limb ataxia . Magnetic resonance imaging was negative except for some microvascular cerebral white matter changes . Question peripheral vertigo , takes Meclizine p.r.n. Hypothyroidism . Hypertension . Hypercholesterolemia . Glaucoma . Cataract . Osteopenia . Left hip arthritis . History of urinary tract infections . Anemia , with a baseline hematocrit of 31.0 , with a TIBC that was low and a high ferritin . Echocardiogram in 2016-09-16 , with preserved ejection fraction of 60 percent with trivial mitral regurgitation and mild left atrial enlargement . Cardiac stress test in 2016-03-17 , that was negative for inducible ischemia .
62 year-old status-post gastric bypass and laprascopic cholecystectomy 7 weeks prior to admission who presented with fever , chills , and left lower extemity redness . The patient has a history of multiple hospitalizations for lower extremity cellulitis and noted that his symptoms and the appearance of his left leg mirrored previous episodes . He denied recent trauma to the area or travel . Review of systems was significant only for painful urination over the past few days and a reduction in urine output . He denied chest pain , shortness of breath , palpitations , abdominal pain , N/V , penile discharge .
Patient is a 72 year old female with known carotid stenosis , and recent carotid noninvasives at an outside hospital , which showed 90% left sided stenosis . She has not had a stroke , or transient ischemic attack . She was recently discharged from the Per Naplesspecrycet Hospital after an admission for congestive heart failure .
This 68 year old white male who had a seven to eight year history of knee pain . In 1984 , he had the right knee aspirated and was noted to have some uric acid crystals , although serum uric acid was normal and erythrocyte sedimentation rate . He continued to have intermittent symptoms and was noted to have some fullness in the suprapatellar pouch . Plain films taken by his orthopedist in Mongcana Ster Staarv revealed some soft tissue calcification within the medial and lateral compartments of the joint . an magnetic resonance imaging study demonstrated calcification densities in the suprapatellar bursa region , also with hypertrophia of the synovium . It was felt that the patient had synovial chondromatosis and would benefit from an open synovectomy and debridement . He was admitted for that procedure .
The patient is a 65 year old female with post thoracotomy syndrome that occurred on the site of her thoracotomy incision . She had a thoracic aortic aneurysm repaired in the past and subsequently developed neuropathic pain at the incision site . She is currently on Vicodin , one to two tablets every four hours p.r.n. , Fentanyl patch 25 mcg an hour , change of patch every 72 hours , Elavil 50 mgq .h.s. , Neurontin 600 mg p.o. t.i.d. with still what she reports as stabbing left-sided chest pain that can be as severe as a 7/10. She has failed conservative therapy and is admitted for a spinal cord stimulator trial .
This 75 year old male had been noted to be anemic with an abnormal white blood count since at least November 1993 , while he was living in Aersing Rocuch Sun and his physicians there had begun to manage him with transfusions , and low dose hydroxyurea . Apparently , a bone marrow biopsy at the time confirmed the diagnosis of chronic myelomonocytic leukemia . He came to this country in late December 1994 to live with his son for a few months and was referred to me for follow up . He had been noting night sweats , increasing fatigue , anorexia , and dyspnea , which were not particularly improved by increased transfusions or alterations of hydroxy urea . He became profoundly thrombocytopenic , and ultimately was admitted to the hospital on 2/15 with headache and weakness .
The patient is a **AGE[in 70s]- year - old white female with a history of stage IB cutaneous T cell lymphoma presenting for extracorporeal photopheresis . She was diagnosed in 2000 . She was recently on a device study in which she was receiving ECP with a new machine , which is currently under investigation . She presents to resume the routine ECP today . She does have complaints of new rash in involvement of her arms and legs , yet denies that they are itchy . She has recently also had a tooth infection , which was treated by her dentist with amoxicillin , which she is currently still on . PAST MEDICAL HISTORY 1. Hypertension . 2. COPD . 3. Osteoporosis . 4. History of breast cancer status post mastectomy . PAST SURGICAL HISTORY 1. Bilateral mastectomy with left axillary lymphadenectomy . 2. TAH with BSO . 3. Thyroidectomy in 1967 . 4. Colostomy .
This is a 64-year-old man with a history of coronary artery disease , endocarditis status post coronary artery bypass grafting and mitral valve replacement on 2010-08-13 . He was transferred to Erich Lindemann Mental Health Center from the rehabilitation center where he had been discharged to on 2010-08-25 following his CABG/MVR . At the rehabilitation center the patient developed shortness of breath . A chest x-ray done at that time revealed a left-sided infiltrate versus effusion . He was transferred to Mass. Eye & Ear Infirmary for treatment . At the time he complained of no chest pain , weakness or cough , although he is intermittently short of breath . He had been anticoagulated during his stay at rehabilitation for atrial fibrillation .
Patient is a 28 year old gravida IV , para 2 with metastatic cervical cancer admitted with a question of malignant pericardial effusion . Patient underwent a total abdominal hysterectomy in 02/90 for a 4x3.6x2 cm cervical mass felt to be a fibroid at Vanor . Pathology revealed poorly differentiated squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix with spots of vaginal margins and metastatic squamous cell carcinoma in the cardinal ligaments with extensive lymphatic invasion . Patient was felt to have stage 2B disease and post-operatively , she was treated with intracavitary and external beam radiation therapy and low dose Cisplatin . On ultrasound in 02/91 , the patient was found to have bilateral cystic adnexal masses confirmed on physical examination . She underwent exploratory laparotomy and had a bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy and appendectomy . Pathology was negative for tumor and showed peritubal and periovarian adhesions . The patient now presents with a three to four week history of shortness of breath and a dry non-productive cough . She was evaluated by Dr. Mielke , a Pulmonologist , who found her to be wheezing and performed pulmonary function tests which showed an FEV1 of 1.1 and an FVC of 1.8 . She was admitted to Weekscook University Medical Center with a diagnosis of possible asthma . Room air arterial blood gas showed a pO2 of 56 , a pCO2 of 35 , and a pH of 7.52 . EKG showed sinus tachycardia at 100 and echo revealed pericardial effusion , a 10 mm pulsus paradoxus was noted , and no evidence of tamponade . Given the patient &apos;s history of cervical cancer , the pericardial effusion was felt most likely to be malignant . She was therefore transferred to the Retelk County Medical Center for further care .
Baby boy Liles is the 2.985 kg product of a 34 week gestation born to a 30-year-old G3 , P0 , now 1 mother . Prenatal screens - A positive , antibody negative , hepatitis surface antigen negative , RPR nonreactive , rubella immune , GBS unknown .
The patient was a 63 year old female with long-standing history of polycythemia vera , managed medically , who on a routine follow-up examination complained of left side pain and had an ultrasound that demonstrated a complex left renal mass . A computerized tomography scan demonstrated a contrast enhancing complex left renal mass . Metastatic work-up was negative . The patient presented for nephrectomy . PAST MEDICAL HISTORY included polycythemia vera . PAST SURGICAL HISTORY included appendectomy and bunionectomy . MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION were Hydrea . REVIEW OF SYSTEMS was negative in detail .
This is a 73-year-old man with squamous cell carcinoma of the lung , status post lobectomy and resection of left cervical recurrence , admitted here with fever and neutropenia . Recently he had been receiving a combination of outpatient chemotherapy with the CAMP Program . Other medical problems include hypothyroidism , hypercholesterolemia , hypertension and neuropathy from Taxol .
95 yo male with PMH large right thyroid cystic mass eroding into trachea , who presented to St. Anne 's Hospital 2018-04-22 with hemoptysis and respiratory distress , now diagnosed with anaplastic thyroid carcinoma . . Pt reports that he noticed a right neck mass last October . The mass grew larger , to the size of a baseball . It appears that FNA was performed but was non-diagnostic ( probably because anaplastic tumors tend to be necrotic ) . The mass appears to be cystic in nature and has been aspirated at least 3 times , which decrease in size each time . Now size is 6.5cm*6.5cm . Plan for surgery in Oct was deferred 04-05 syncope and pacer placement for SSS; again deferred 2 weeks ago 04-05 URI; was planned for surgery this Thurday . . Pt was o/w in his USOH until 2-3 weeks ago when he developed a URI with symptoms of dry cough; no fever , chills , sore throat , myalgias . Pt was treated with 3 days of an antibiotics , followed by a 10 day course of levaquin ( completed 2 days PTA ) . Per pt and son , no James pna . 2 days prior to admission , pt developed hemoptysis; states he coughed up 4 tsp of blood . 1 day PTA , pt developed stridorous breathing and respiratory distress . Pt was initially seen at Lahey North , where he was given steroids , with improvement in respiratory status . Pt was transferred to New England Baptist Hospital , where his surgeon is located . There he was admitted to the CMED . Thyroid cyst was aspirated with removal of 300cc of fluid .  Pt was given racemic epinephrine and Decadron 10mg IV x1. CT neck showed tracheal mass per nursing s/o ( pt brought CT ) . . Pt now breathing more comfortably . He has not had fever and night sweats but reports weakness and weight loss for several months recently .
Ri Strength is a 40 year old man with a history of GERD , who presents with abdominal pain of seven days duration . The patient was in general good health until seven days ago ( 2/11/00 ) , when he had a sudden onset of sharp left flank pain with radiation to the lower abdomen and then to the epigastrium . The patient described the pain as &quot; knife-like &quot; with a severity of 1/25 at its worse . The patient was exacerbated when eating and when lying flat . The patient also reports blood-streaked diarrhea for two days . He denies nausea and vomiting . He has had no fevers or chills . He has had no recent weight loss , no light-headedness or dizziness . He denies increased urinary frequent or urgency . The patient presented to the Sloan- Center Emergency Department , where he was resuscitated with normal saline and received morphine for pain . He was then transferred to the general medicine service for further management .
This is a 37-year-old female who presents on an elective basis for a living-related kidney transplant . The patient has a history of end-stage renal failure secondary to type 1 diabetes with a baseline creatinine of around 5 . She is receiving a kidney from her sister . The patient has a history of hypertension , coronary artery disease , and insulin-dependent diabetes for 32 years . She is status post myocardial infarction in April of this year and subsequently underwent coronary artery bypass surgery . She present electively on the morning of her surgery with no recent changes in her medical problems .
Saujule Study is a 77-year-old woman with a history of obesity and hypertension who presents with increased shortness of breath x 5 days . Her shortness of breath has been progressive over the last 2-3 years . She has an associated dry cough but no fevers , chills , or leg pain . She has dyspnea on exertion . She ambulates with walker and a cane secondary to osteoarthritis . She becomes short of breath just by getting up from her chair and can only walk 2-3 steps on a flat surface . She feels light headed when getting up . Her shortness of breath and dyspnea on exertion has been progressive for the past several years . It has not been sudden or acute . She sleeps in a chair up right for the last 2 1/2 years secondary to osteoarthritis . She has orthopnea as well but noparoxysmal nocturnal dyspnea . She occasionally feels chest twinges which are nonradiating but are sharp . They last a few seconds on the left side and are not associated with sweating , nausea , vomiting or syncope . She has had lower extremity edema for thelast several years with multiple episodes of cellulitis . Her lower extremity edema has increased for the several weeks prior to admission secondary to an inability to elevate her legs due to a broken chair at home . She denies any pleural chest pain .
34 yo G3P3 with pelvic organ prolapse after her second delivery; after her third delivery it became much worse . She feels like "everything is falling out." She urinates frequently , but occasionally the urine is very slow to start . She is unable to run without losing urine . The prolapse is especailly large and uncomfotable when she tries to move her bowels and it is easier for her to do sowhile standing rather than sitting . She has deep pain in intercourse .
The patient is an 80 female with a history of diastolic function and heart failure , hypertension and rheumatoid arthritis who presents from an outside hospital with presyncope . The patient reports dizziness intermittently times several months now increasing in frequency described as episodes where she feels faint . The room spins with no visual changes , no loss of consciousness , no palpitations or chest pain , no shortness of breath or diaphoresis . On the day of admission , the patient was with some friends , rose from a chair to leave and felt dizzy while ambulating , fell and hit elbow with minor head trauma . The patient denied loss of consciousness , no bowel or bladder incontinence . The patient was transferred to an outside hospital where she was noted to have a 50 point discrepancy in her upper extremity blood pressures , right greater than left . This had been noted in the outpatient setting approximately one to two years prior to admission . The patient had no mediastinal widening on chest x-ray , but was transferred to Verg Medical Center for further evaluation . In the emergency room , the patient &apos;s temperature was 98.8 degrees , heart rate 73 , respiratory rate 18 , oxygen saturation 98% on room air . Blood pressure in the left arm demonstrated 125/89 , blood pressure in the right arm was 177/119 . The patient had a systolic murmur 3/6 that radiated to the carotids with a decreased left radial pulse per the emergency room . The patient had a chest CT scan demonstrating no dissection or evidence of congestive heart failure . She received Nitropaste , aspirin , laboratory studies and was taken to the floor for further management . The patient denies melena , bright red blood per rectum , no emesis , or fevers or chills . The patient has a history of anemia as per past medical history above .
68 yo female trasnferred in from Catholic CMED CSRU. Ctr. with periprosthetic aortic valve stenosis and aortic valve thrombus . No cath done , but echo 05-07 showed EF 60-65% , stenotic mech. valve , mean gradient 33 mm , decreased disc motion , mobile mass in LVOT , mild AI , mild to moderate MR , trace TR. Referred for surgical evaluation .
This is a 70 year old gravida IV , para 4 who presented for a vaginal hysterectomy secondary to uterine prolapse and also presented for evaluation of a suspicious lesion seen on a mammogram . Patient &apos;s problem started four years ago when she first experienced a pushing forward of her uterus . The patient described this sensation as uncomfortable and becoming more prominent over the following three years with increasing pressure and pain . Two months ago , the patient slipped and fell with valsalva that precipitated an exacerbation of her prolapse . She subsequently could not urinate and was in pain secondary to her problem . At this time , she decided that she needed the prolapse fixed and actually wrote to the Norri Hospital to try and find a Gynecologist . Her letter was referred to Dr. Earllamarg Para who saw her in the office and recommended vaginal hysterectomy . Patient has never had a pessary and refused one and denies nausea , fever , chills , dysuria , or stress incontinence on her current admission .
This 53-year-old with a history of multiple transient ischemic attacks in the past was investigated and was found to have a small patent foramen ovale , and he was electively admitted for closure of the same . His preoperative investigations with coronary angiogram showed normal coronary arteries . His left ventricular function was well preserved . He had no valvular disease .
30-year-old woman with metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of unknown primary . At ChelseaWomens ' , about 04-25 , she developed pseudomonal urosepsis and vaginal bleeding from tumor extension/anti-coagulation . She was transfered to AttleboroHospital after an arrest . Her course was complicated by post-hypotensive coma as well as subarachnoid hemorrhages and intraparenchymal bleeds . Neurologists at RIH felt she had a poor prognosis , but communication between the medical team and family was strained and transfer was arranged to Mediplex Rehab Hospital for a second opinion .
This is a 71-year-old-female with asthma and a history of recent exacerbation of lower extremity edema who , at her baseline , gets short of breath walking across the room and sleeps on four pillows times several years . She has reported that she has had upper respiratory symptoms times several days with increasing dyspnea on exertion and shortness of breath , eventually at rest with marked wheezing . She also has a cough with a small amount of white sputum . At 3 a.m. on the day of admission , she became much worse and after several days of increasing her meter-dosed inhaler use , she call Emergency Medical Services which assessed her as having heart failure with elevated jugular venous distention and rales . She received aspirin , Lasix 40 mg intravenously times two , 0.8 mg of nitroglycerin times four , plus morphine sulfate . Her blood pressure was noted to be up to 220/110 . She was taken to the The Hospital for Orthopedics Emergency Room where she was assessed as having asthma . She then received continuous nebulizer treatments for approximately eight hours with minimal improvement . She did receive intravenous nitroglycerin in the Emergency Room for blood pressure controlled to the 170s . She initially received a treatment of BiPAP on arrival as she was barely able to speak . She also received 80 mg of Solu-Medrol in the Emergency Department . She was never hypoxic but initially her arterial blood gas showed a respiratory acidosis with a PCO2 of 71 . The patient does have a vague history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , but this is felt to be inaccurate . She also received captopril 12.5 mg times one . Recently , the patient has been treated with several steroid tapers . Depending on the family , patient , and the OMR records , the exact duration of the most recent one was unclear . It either ended in 2011-04-11 or continued through 2011-05-11 with use of Augmentin ; and , by report , lasted until 06-07 . However , the family said the patient has been on steroids for several weeks . The patient denies any exposure to smoke , animals , unusual dust or vapors , or other asthma triggers .
A 40-year-old female with history of non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction in 2016-09-30 with stent to the LAD and 50% to the mid LAD , had instent restenosis in 2017-04-02 and then underwent brachytherapy to the RCA , who presented to Baldpate Hospital with several weeks of chest pain similar to her anginal equivalent and MI in the past . It started at rest . No relief with nitroglycerin x3 . Radiates to the left arm . Positive shortness of breath . Troponins have been less than 0.01. With history , will go for cardiac catheterization evaluation . Still getting chest pain intermittently , but relieved by morphine sulfate . Was on a Heparin and nitroglycerin drip with only intermittent relief .
The patient is an 82 year-old right handed gentleman who has a past medical history of hypertension and tobacco use presented to the emergency room with acute change in mental status . He was well until the evening prior to presentation to the emergency room when he complained of headache across the forehead . On the day of presentation , he was then found by his daughter lying on his bed groaning , being relatively unresponsive and unable to speak . The family reported one episode of vomiting at home .
Patient is a 64 year old white male with a past medical history of smoking , coronary artery disese , hypertension , and hypercholesterolemia with a l0 cm abdominal aortic aneurysm . Patient presented to his private medical doctor in Gewestster with transient calf pain on walking less than fifty yards . Abdominal aortic aneurysm was discovered on examination and patient was referred to Retelk County Medical Center . He was admitted on 10/17/06 and echocardiogram done on 11/13/09 revealed poor left ventricular function and cardiac catheterization was done on admission which showed three vessel disease . Patient was referred to Cardiology and underwent a three vessel coronary artery bypass graft on 11/25/09 . His post-operative course was complicated by an E. coli urinary tract infection and transient acute renal failure with increasing creatinine . Patient &apos;s renal function returned to normal over several days , however . The patient &apos;s last ultrasound of his aorta revealed a l0 cm aneurysm and he presented at the time of admission for an abdominal aortic aneurysm repair .
39 year old male w/ h/o low back pain on chronic narcotics presents after being found unresponsive at home . His daughter awoke him at 7 a.m. , reports he said he felt " cold and shivery ," vomited several times , then drove her to school . According to his wife , he came home and went to sleep . When she tried to awaken him at 11 a.m. , she was unable to do so and called EMS . She did not notice any blood / urine / emesis / stool in the bed . EMS found him with agonal respirations and pinpoint pupils . FS 420 . He received 1 mg IV Narcan ( numerous bottles of oxycontin , percocet were found in room ); his pupils dilated to ~ 8 mm and he became combative / agitated . He was then intubated for airway protection ( etomidate / succinate ); it was a traumatic intubation  and one of his teeth was chipped . He was transported to Hallmark Health System Monica , where ABG 7.14/82/44 while bagging on 100% FiO2 . Wife reports that he drank a large amt of alcohol ( 12 bottles of beer ) night PTA . For 2 days PTA , he has expressed a wish to kill himself ( no clear plan , but fixing things around the house " so things will be ready when I 'm gone "). In Monica , pt received charcoal , 500 mg IV levofloxacin , 500 mg IV metronidazole for presumed aspiration pna .
The patient is a 47-year-old man with advanced stage chronic lymphocytic leukemia who was admitted for autologous bone marrow transplant as per protocol 94-055 of the Santusli Hospital . The patient was originally diagnosed in 06/98 during a routine physical when he was noted to have a white blood cell count of 20,000 , weight loss , and swelling in his neck and groin . He was watched after his initial diagnosis , but six months later he developed rapidly increasing leukocytosis and he became more symptomatic . After treatment with three cycles of fludarabine he had 90% involvement of his intratrabecular space . He was therefore treated with three cycles of fludarabine in combination with cytoxan . After this therapy he achieved a protocol eligible minimal disease state . However , he did have relative pancytopenia following this therapy . He was taken to bone marrow harvest in 08/22 at which time insufficient cells were obtained to proceed . He was returned previous to this admission for repeat bone marrow harvest and at that time he was given Neupogen prior to his harvest , and sufficient cells were not obtained to proceed with autologous bone marrow transplantation . His most recent bone marrow biopsy revealed less than 5% of intratrabecular space involvement . Recent CT scan showed no significant lymphadenopathy . The spleen was within normal limits .
47 yo F w/ h/o steroid-induced hyperglycemia , SLE w/ h/o pericarditis , transverse myelitis w/ paraplegia and neurogenic bladder s/p urostomy w/ ileal conduit , h/o ureteropelvic stone and urosepsis , and h/o RLE DVT a/w F 2014-11-29 transferred to CMED 2014-11-30 for hypotn resistant to IVFs and stress steroids . Patient initially p/w c/o sudden onset N/abd pain/chills w/ T 103 at NH . Rigors progressed so she was brought to Robert . She reported h/o fatigue and anorexia for the past few days and had noticed foul smelling urine and some abdominal distension , similar to prior episodes of pyelo . She also c/o LLQ and groin pain which responded to tylenol . She denies V or D . No AMS . No c/o CP . On arrival to Shirley , temperature was 101.2 . CT abd showed an 8 mm right proximal ureteral stone with right-sided hydronephrosis and inflammatory stranding , in addition to pyelonephritis of the left kidney without left sided hydronephrosis . Labs were remarkable for wbc 23.5 w/ 1% bands which decreased to 14 today but now w/ 15% bands on vanc ( h/o MRSA urosepsis ) and gent ( mult drug allergies ) . AG on admission 18 ( bicarb 17 , down from 23 on a previous admission ) , down to AG 15 this AM .
The patient is a 69 year-old white gentleman who is status post a coronary artery bypass graft in 1985 with a large anterior septal myocardial infarction intraoperatively . Two years after this operation , he required a pacer implantation for sick sinus syndrome . The patient presents now with progressive dyspnea , but no anginal pain . Ejection fraction was noted to be 20% . He is status post multiple angioplasty stents . He presents now for possible reoperative coronary artery bypass graft .
50 yo male , h/o CAD s/p stent to LAD in 2011 , Hypercholesterolemia , DM , cocaine abuse , presenting with chest pain . He states he had onset of this pain today ; described as anterior chest pain with radiation to right shoulder , 09-26 , was increasing over the course of 45 minutes to 1 hour ( occurred after arrested ). He states that he also felt SOB and diaphoretic but denies n/v/palpitations . He reports that the pain was increasing in intensity . He was brought to Providence Behavioral Health Hospital where he was found to have positive urine cocaine , EKG with new 2-7392 W. Second Cr. elevations in the anterior leads ( v2-5 ) and some ST depressions in II , III , AvF . He was given lopressor 5 mg x 2 ( 3rd dose given by medflight , 5 mg morphine , ativan , nitro gtt , heparin , and integrillin . Pain was 12-28 at time of transfer . In the cath lab , he was found to have hazy plaque in LAD ( prior stent ) , 80% hazy plaque in circumflex , and a totally occluded PLB ( with collaterals ) . 1 cypher stent was place in the LAD while 2 were placed in Lcx . Right system was not intervened upon , for the PLB was unable to be crossed by wire . He was transferred to the CCU for observation .
The patient is a 37-year-old white male with AIDS complicated by recurrent pseudomonas infections presently on Ceftazidime and Aztrenam complicated by MAI who comes in with fever , chills and blood cultures positive for candida species . The patient has multiple AIDS illnesses including MAI who has multiple admissions for pseudomonas pneumonia . His most recent admission was on 08/23/92 to 08/25/92 with fever and chills . He was again treated with IV Ceftazidime for presumed pseudomonal pneumonia and discharged home on IV antibiotics which he is presently on . The patient did well at home with decreasing fever and good appetite until the night prior to admission when he developed fever and chills . Concurrent blood cultures grew out candida species at HCHP . The patient &apos;s baseline O2 saturation is 92% on three liters . He has a left arm graft placed for access three weeks ago which is used for blood drawing and IV medications . He notes no tenderness , erythema , warmth or exudate from the passport site . Medications at the time of admission include Dapsone 50 mg p.o. on Monday , Wednesday and Friday , Ceftazidime 1 gram IV q. 8 hours , Cipro 750 mg p.o. b.i.d. , Acyclovir 400 mg p.o. q. day , Megastrol 80 mg p.o. t.i.d. and G-CSF 150 micrograms subcu b.i.d.
Patient is a 53 - year-old female found down in hotel room by EMS with change in mental status and lethargy . A suicide note found at the scene referenced multiple medical problems as well as suggested ingestion of beta blocker , muscle relaxant , and Neurontin . Vital signs were stable on arrival in the David , but the patient was minimally responsive and subsequently intubated for airway protection . Patient initially given 2 mg of Narcan , 4 amps of sodium bicarb , and 5 grams of activated charcoal . Patient 's blood pressures were noted to decrease systolics to the 80s , which responded to IV fluids and insulin / glucose drips . Also noted to be bradycardic to the 50s , which responded to atropine .
The patient is a 65 year old female with post thoracotomy syndrome that occurred on the site of her thoracotomy incision . She had a thoracic aortic aneurysm repaired in the past and subsequently developed neuropathic pain at the incision site . She is currently on Vicodin , one to two tablets every four hours p.r.n. , Fentanyl patch 25 mcg an hour , change of patch every 72 hours , Elavil 50 mgq .h.s. , Neurontin 600 mg p.o. t.i.d. with still what she reports as stabbing left-sided chest pain that can be as severe as a 7/10. She has failed conservative therapy and is admitted for a spinal cord stimulator trial .
This 20 year old driver was in a major motor vehicle accident and brought to the Emergency Saints Medical Center following this , with multiple trauma . The patient was an unrestrained driver in a car versus tree . He was involved in a long extrication with a blood pressure of 88 at the scene . Upon extrication from the vehicle , he was intubated and transported to the Emergency Room . He was tachycardic with an initial blood pressure of 120 / palpable . A groin line was placed and the patient was sedated and paralyzed . He was resuscitated with Crystalloid and remained hemodynamically stable . He had a grossly deformed left lower extremity . On examination , Belmont Coma Scale was 6T ; blood pressure was 120 / palpable with a heart rate of 122 . The trachea was midline . The abdomen was soft . Rectal was heme positive with normal prostate . There were no meatal blood . The left femur was grossly deformed with a pinhole opening in the lateral thigh . His left forearm was also grossly deformed . There is no step-off at the back . Admission laboratories included a hematocrit of 43.3 and white blood cell count of 25.2 , normal electrolytes and amylase of 98 . Arterial blood gas showed a mild metabolic acidosis . Additional assay shows slight widening of the mediastinum on chest x-ray . The CT scan of the head and chest were negative . There was a small liver laceration seen on the A/P pelvis . There was a distal ulnar and radial fracture as well as a left mid-shaft comminuted fracture of the femur .
This is a 57-year-old female status post ERT with recurrence of a pelvic mass and resection at an outside hospital in 06/22 . Per the patient , the mass was benign . The patient developed severe left lower quadrant pain in 07/24 . An MRI was done on 08/27/03 that showed an 8 cm left lower quadrant mass with both cystic and solid components . The patient was started on Lupron on 10/18/03 , but pain was not affected . She was put on Vicodin ES and Ultram with minimal relief . On 11/16/03 , the patient &apos;s pain increased and she presented to an outside hospital with nausea and vomiting and an inability to tolerate p.o. intake . The left lower quadrant pain in the groin radiated to the left knee . No fevers or chills , no vaginal discharge or bleeding . Potassium at the outside hospital was 3.1 . White count was 27.3 with 16% bands . Hematocrit was 28.7 . The patient was transferred to NVH after receiving intravenous fluid with potassium , Demerol for pain control and clindamycin , Valium and droperidol .
This is a 104 year old female patient with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , coronary artery disease , hypertension and cerebrovascular accident who presents with shortness of breath and cough . The patient states that she has no idea why she was brought to the Emergency Department and denies any symptoms . She reports an occasional nonproductive cough that she has had "for years" and feels that she has been experiencing alternating chills and feeling hot . A progress note in the patient 's chart from her assisted living facility indicates that the patient has had shortness of breath and cough for one day with chills but no fever . She has been recently evaluated as an outpatient for bradycardia . She was seen by her cardiologist , Dr. Clements and had a Holter monitor on 2015-05-01 , that showed first degree AV block with a rate that ranged between 35 to 53 beats per minute . In the Emergency Department , the patient was given nebulizer treatment , started on antibiotics for presumed chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation . She was noted to have lateral ST depressions and given Aspirin . She continues to deny chest pain , palpitations , shortness of breath , fevers , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , bright red blood per rectum , melena , dysuria , urinary frequency and urgency .
The patient is a 20 year old black female who was a pedestrian when struck by a car at apparent high speed . There was apparent loss of consciousness at the scene and significant deformity of the anterior portion of the motorvehicle with positive starring of the windshield . The patient was conscious on the scene when evaluated by EMT &apos;s but at the scene , the patient was apparently paraplegic below the umbilicus with absence of movement and sensation below the umbilicus .
This is a 32 year old male who was recently discharged from Mediplex Rehab Hospital and presents again to us with chief complaint of abdominal pain ( sudden onset left-sided abdominal pain ). Of note , he had a recent kidney biopsy on 2018-07-30 and his Cr bumped from 4.7 to 5.7 . Also , HCT on admission 21 from 25 .
79F Pmhx CHF,COPD , found down at home , pulseless - CPR initiated w/ conciousness regained on scene . At OSH ABG 7.19/94/110 , BiPAP started . Pt found to be hypothermic w/ WBC 17 ( pt on steroids ) pnuemobilia and thickening of sigmoid . Currently on Nasal cannula 02 + hemodymamically stable .
The patient was a 79 - year-old gentleman found down at home unresponsive by his wife after lunch . He had an unwitnessed fall . He had no history of headaches or recent illness . He remained unresponsive when the ambulance arrived . Systolic blood pressure was reported 250 on arrival to the Mass. Eye & Ear Infirmary Emergency Department . He was intubated and given Versed and Fentanyl . His GCS was reported as 3 on arrival to the Emergency Department .
The patient is a 40 year old woman with end stage renal disease , on hemodialysis since 12/91 . This was secondary to polycystic kidneydisease , which was noted since age 12 . She is status post cadaveric renal allograft in 03/93 , and she subsequently underwent an early postoperative transplant nephrectomy secondary to rupture . He has been having difficult access problems and now has a left upper arm PTFE . She had been placed on emergency transplant for this difficult access problem . Otherwise , she has been healthy and her last hemodialysis was the day prior to transplant .
Patient is a 75 year old right handed male with past medical history of coronary artery disease s/p NQWMI 02-25 , s/p LAD angioplasty and stent 05-26 , dementia , hyperlipidemia , aortic stenosis , atrial fibrillation on coumadin who presented from his CMED CSRU doctor 's office wtih acute onset left sided weakness and dysarthria . Patient was in his usual state of health until around 12:15 on day of admission . Was at this doctor 's office and complained of severe headache . Thereafter , wife noted development of left sided weakness , facial droop , slurring of speech . Sent to Hahnemann General Hospital for evaluation emergently .
The patient is an 81 year old female with a history of cerebrovascular accident , atrial fibrillation , hypothyroidism and dementia who is status post laparoscopic cholecystectomy one week ago who currently presents with a 4 day history of no bowel movement . She has complaints of abdominal distention , emesis , and constipation . She has no chest pain , shortness of breath or fever . She has no nausea or vomiting , chills , dysuria , hematochezia , or melena . She was discharged from the hospital on 11/28/02 to a short term rehabilitation facility . She was found to have normal bowel sounds . She presented to the Ponta,itri- University Medical Center Emergency Department on 12/01/02 for evaluation of this constipation .
79 - year-old M recently diagnosed by biopsy with gliomatosis cerebri ( grade II astrocytoma ) in 8/04 , being treated with XRT , timidar . She is currently on a decadron taper after it was increased several months ago secondary to increasing ocular symptoms . Seen by PMD on 12-14 w/ symptoms of cough productive of yellow sputum , which wife also had , prescribed zpak w/o improvement . Pt was brought to the Victor for increasing somnolence over past several days-weeks . Over the past two weeks , pt has declined in status . He is confused , has had hallucinations . Family believed pt was becoming dehydrated . Also , pt 's strength has been declining over the past 2 weeks . He used to be able to walk with a walker , and the past few days has required a wheelchair . + incontinence over the past 2 weeks . + non-bloody diarrhea x 1 on DOA . In the Deborah VS on arrival were T : 97.5 ; BP : 90/65 ; HR : 82 ; RR : 16 ; 94 on RA . CXR shows diffuse b/l infiltrates R > L and pt was found to have a bandemia . LDH was 511 . Pt received bactrim 500 mg x 1 for possible PCP . Lillian R. / hypoxic respiratory distress . During admission , became steadily more SOB , increasing lethargy . 12-20 satting initially ~ 90% on 40% face mask . ABG 7.45/33/57 . He was switched to a 100% NRB mask and ABG was 7.47/31/80 . On floor on day of transfer 7.25/50/70 on 100% NRB . During evaluation pt responsive to sternal rub but could not follow commands . Intubated for failure to protect airway , transferred to ICU .
The patient is a **AGE[in 20s]- year - old African - American male with a history of sickle cell disease and end - stage renal disease . He currently has a right basilic vein transposition AV fistula that was performed in **DATE[Mar] of 2006 . He has been doing very well until over the past few days , he has had increasing swelling of his right upper extremity now associated with pain . The patient has a known right innominate vein occlusion . In the past , the patient has had his fistula remain patent despite this swelling . Currently , he denies any numbness and pain in the extremity . There is no evidence of any recent trauma .
Patient is a 77 year old female with a past medical history significant for GI bleeding secondary to arteriovenous malformations , who presents with maroon stool and a hematocrit drop . Three days ago began to develop black stools . There was no clear blood in the toilet bowl . In addition , she developed nausea and decreased PO intake . She had a cough productive of white sputum and felt warm , although she did not record her temperature . At dialysis on day of admission , she related these symptoms for the first time and had a bloody bowel movement . Concerned , the staff sent her directly to the Nantucket Cottage Hospital . In the Deanna , her temperature was 96.5 , HR 51 , BP 112/60 , RR 18 , and oxygen saturation was 98% on ambient air . Her hematocrit was measured at 23.5 , while her baseline hematocrit is in the low 30 s. An NG lavage was performed and there was bilious return . Rectal examination was notable for guiaiac positive maroon stool . She was type and crossed and transfused two units of packed red blood cells . IV PPI was given and the GI team was consulted and she was scheduled for colonoscopy and EGD on the morning of 6/8 . She was transferred to the CMED CCU for observation .
This 68 year old female had rheumatic fever in the past , and has had chronic atrial fibrillation .  She has had progressive heart failure and an evaluation demonstrated worsening mitral stenosis with severe pulmonary hypertension .  Because of her deteriorating status , she underwent prior cardiac catheterization , which confirmed severe mitral stenosis with secondary tricuspid valve regurgitation due to pulmonary hypertension .  She was referred for valve surgery .  PAST MEDICAL HISTORY is remarkable for chronic lung disease due to smoking .  She had undergone a previous nasal arterial embolization for treatment of recurrent epistaxis .  She had a partial gastrectomy in 1972 .  Her MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION included Coumadin , digoxin , 0.125 , qD , Lasix , 40 , q.i.d. , and Vanceril inhaler .  PERTINENT EXAMINATION demonstrated mild elevation of her jugular venous pulse , with prominent V-waves , and systolic and diastolic murmurs .  Peripheral pulses were all intact , and there was venous stasis changes on her legs , with some edema .  HOSPITAL COURSE :  The patient was brought to the Operating Room , on April 22 .  She underwent a mitral valve replacement , utilizing a 27 mm .  St. Jude prosthesis , and tricuspid valve reconstruction by ring anuloplasty .  She weaned from cardiopulmonary bypass with good hemodynamics .  She initially awoke after surgery , with good hemodynamics .  She was transiently in sinus rhythm , but atrial fibrillation recurred .  She was extubated on the third postoperative day , and was initially slightly agitated and confused , largely due to an Intensive Care Unit psychosis .  She continued to improve , with mobilization of fluid .  She was initially noted to have a slow ventricular response in atrial fibrillation , but this gradually improved over time .  She was initially noted to be somewhat anemic , and received transfusions .  Coumadin was restarted , and her anticoagulation came into range .  She was ultimately discharged with a heart rate in the 90 's , and with resolving edema and a clear chest .  Her MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE included Lasix , 40 , b.i.d. , potassium , 20 mEq. , b.i.d. , iron , and folic acid replacement , and Coumadin .  RIEMUND C. ALL , M.D.  TR :  dun / bmot  DD :  7/12/94  TD :  07/13/94  CC :  Dr. Ca Shuff .  DISCHARGE SUMMARY **INSTITUTION **PLACE , PA **ZIP-CODE **NAME[AAA , BBB] **ID-NUM **ID-NUM A5A/527
This 68 year old female has rheumatic heart disease . Mitral and possibly tricuspid valve surgery is scheduled for Labor Day by Dr. Riemund C. Kennedy . Her history is detailed in the discharge summary of August 10 of this year . She is admitted now for a neuro-interventional radiology procedure to decrease the likelihood of epistaxis on Coumadin .
The patient is a **AGE[in 70s]- year - old African American veteran who presented to **INSTITUTION on **DATE[Feb 18 2007] , complaining of a 4 - day history of lightheadedness , nausea , decreased appetite , fatigue , and chest pain . He has a past medical history of chronic renal insufficiency , hypertension , peripheral vascular disease , CVA , and last echocardiogram showed an EF of 55% in 2003 . He denied any syncopal episodes , palpitations , shortness of breath , fever , or chills . He was initially seen in the VA where he was found to be in a junctional rhythm . His first troponin was negative and then he was sent to **INSTITUTION 's ED .
This 82 year old retired engineer has had multiple admissions to the Ph University Of Medical Center for multiple strokes and a spontaneous subdural hematoma and prostatic hypertrophy . He has been managing at home on restricted activity but able to get around with a walker but on the day before admission he became increasing dyspneic and on the day of admission he collapsed and was unable to walk to his bed . For this he was admitted .
The patient is a 23 year old female , status post fall from standing position after slipping on ice . She had no loss of consciousness . She recalled the entire event . She was found by family and friends to be somewhat confused and was therefore taken to Newton-Wellesley Hospital thereafter . Workup at the outside hospital included a CT scan of the head revealing a possible parietal subdural bleed on the right side . The patient 's GCS was 15 . She was hemodynamically stable . She was thereafter transferred to Beverly Hospital for further evaluation and management .
The patient is a 49 year old woman with a metastatic adenocarcinoma of the breast who is status post high dose chemotherapy with PBSE and CCSS support ending June 1994 . She was admitted on 1-5-94 for fever , chest wall ulceration , cellulitis and pain control . The patient first presented in October 1991 with a tender right axillary mass . A mammogram done in November 1990 was negative . However , mammography repeated in October 1991 showed bilateral breast masses , suspicious for carcinoma . Fine needle aspiration on October 23 , 1991 demonstrated atypical cells which occurred singly and in clusters . Staging evaluation included normal liver function tests , normal blood counts and normal chest x-ray . Bone scan showed degenerative joint disease in the shoulders and lumbar spine as well as increased radio chaser uptake in the breast bilaterally . Dr. Berca Gachfrum performed a right modified mastectomy and left simple mastectomy on November 4 , 1991 . The right modified radical mastectomy contained a 5.5 cm poorly differentiated , Grade III out of III infiltrating ductal carcinoma . The margins were free of tumor , but 10 out of 21 lymph nodes were positive for metastatic carcinoma . Furthermore there was a mass on the right pectoralis muscle which is supposed to be metastatic cancer . The left simple mastectomy also contained 5.5 cm poorly differentiated infiltrating ductal and intraductal carcinoma with extensive lymphatic vessel invasion . Estrogen receptor was 0% by ERICA . The patient developed a large hematoma requiring surgical drainage . Therefore she had a Stage III-A adenocarcinoma of the breast . Since she was at high risk for both local and metastatic recurrence of her tumor , she received both systemic chemotherapy and radiation therapy . The patient was treated with CMSAP , which is Cytoxan , Methotrexate , Leukovoranrescue , 5-FU , Adriamycin and Prednisone for four cycles . There were no dose reductions for mucositis or myelosuppression . However , following cycle 4 , she developed a flu-like illness , followed by fever , nonproductive cough and dyspnea on exertion . ABGs showed a pO2 of 79 , pH 7.44 , pO2 33 . Chest x-ray showed diffuse interstitial infiltrates . The differential diagnosis included viral pneumonitis , Mycoplasma , Chlamydia . Basically in December 1993 , she returned to the Hem / Onc Clinic with chest wall nodules which turned out to be tumor recurrences and biopsied . Although she had mediastinal recurrence , bone scan , head and liver CT were negative for metastatic disease . She was thus started on a Protocol of high dose chemotherapy with GCSF and peripheral stem cell support . Complications has mainly included myelosuppression and mucositis . She also developed Klebsiella UTI after the second cycle of high dose chemotherapy . It was treated with gent and Cipro . Re-staging done in April 1993 showed a decrease in the pretracheal nodes with question of some lymphangitic spread versus some pneumonitis . In May 1994 she received her first course of thiotepa and Velban and Methotrexate , which required some red cell transfusions . In mid May she was admitted for fever and neutropenia and at that time had a UTI with blood clots in the urine . The patient presents today with complaints of fever and a temperature of 100 . She has also been having diarrhea since November and her other complaints of admission include confusion , nausea and vomiting . We will include a very thorough HPI with this dictation that was done by Dr. Wedleung .
Baby Thomas Moss was born at 39 and 1/2 weeks gestation to a 20-year-old gravida IV , para III , now IV woman . The mother 's prenatal screens were blood type B positive , antibody negative , rubella immune , RPR nonreactive , hepatitis surface antigen negative and group B strep negative . This pregnancy was complicated by a prenatal diagnosis of a congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation ( CCAM ). The mother was followed in the Massachusetts General Hospital Advanced Fetal Care Center and was followed by Dr. Ralph Wilson . The mother had spontaneous onset of labor and progressed to a spontaneous vaginal delivery . The infant emerged vigorous with Apgars of 9 at one and five minutes . His birth weight was 2905 grams .
The patient is a 83 yo R-handed man with a history of multiple intracranial hemorrhages during the last few years , pacemaker , hyperlipidemia , arrhythmia who now presents with gradual decline in gait and slowing of mentation over the last week . The patient had a fall about ten days ago , when he was walking the dog . The leash got wrapped around his legs . According to his wife he had a small abrasion on the top of his head , but nothing major . He did not complain about a headache . He was at baseline with respect to his gait ( at baseline unsteady , though he refuses to walk with a walker ) and his mentation ( at baseline difficulties with memory since months ; keeps forgetting appointments ). Then about a week ago , the patient and his wife noted that his gait became even more unsteady , though he did not fall . He also had difficulties navigating through his apartment , having difficulties finding the fridge for example . They were concerned that the fall might have caused another bleed , as had happened in the past , and this prompted them to come to the Deanna . No headache , neckpain , nausea , vomiting or focal weakness / numbness . Review of systems : denies any fever , chills , weight loss , visual changes , hearing changes , dysphagia , tingling , numbness , bowel-bladder dysfunction , chest pain , shortness of breath , abdominal pain , dysuria , hematuria , or bright red blood per rectum . His legs have been feeling weaker , bilaterally since the last week .
The patient is a 67-year-old woman with occasional abdominal pain in the right lower quadrant and left lower quadrant . She has not complained of any fever , shaking , or chills . No nausea or vomiting , no change in her bowel movements . She has had attacks treated with antibiotics in the past notably in 12/96 and 08/97 . She has had a diagnosis of diverticulitis flairs and baseline diverticulosis flairing in 09/96 . Also , three years prior in 1993 , she had an attack of diverticulitis . She has been worked up with barium enema in 09/97 which showed multiple diverticula throughout the colon , but mostly in the sigmoid . At this time , there was diverticulosis with no acute diverticulitis . There was also no obstruction . The patient is also status post aortic valve replacement in 1996 , and presented for heparinization prior to her elective valve surgery .
This is a 48-year-old G 3 P 3 who presented to Dr. Fuscmadril &apos;s clinic after having an abnormal pap smear followed by an endometrial biopsy that was suggestive of grade 1 endometrial cancer . This is a patient who , over the past year , has had no menses and thought she had become menopausal . She then began spotting for several months with some constant brown discharge . A pap smear that was obtained by her primary care physician showed an endometrial cell and thus she was referred to a gynecologist for an endometrial biopsy . The endometrial biopsy showed grade 1 endometrial cancer . A decision was made to proceed with surgical management for this finding .
Mr. **NAME[AAA] is a **AGE[in 20s]- year - old male who was admitted via the emergency department following multiple med ingestion . He indicated that he took 40 tablets of Clonidine and 20 tablets of Risperdal . The patient called the police prior to swallowing the pills according to the psych note and did leave a suicide note .
68 year old right handed man with multiple vascular risk factors , including 2 previous strokes and two myocardial infarctions , hypertension and hypercholesterolemia , who presents with acute onset right sided hemiplegia and dysarthria . He went to the bathroom on his own at 6:12 AM and then called for help at 6:15 AM . His wife found him with weak right leg , flaccid right arm , and severe dysarthria . She called 911 and he was brought to Hahnemann General Hospital Lydia .
The patient is a 63 year old woman with a history of mixed adenocarcinoma and large cell carcinoma of the left upper lobe of the lung who is being admitted for Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with Cisplatinum , 5-FU and Velban . Her history has been well documented in her previous notes . Briefly , she was originally diagnosed in April 1993 with lung carcinoma . Bronchoscopy and mediastinoscopy revealed an unresectable mediastinal tumor with the left tracheobronchial angle node positive for cancer , and the right paratracheal node positive for anthracosis . Formal pathology revealed a poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma with focal giant cells . Bone scan , head CT and other staging studies were all negative for evidence of metastatic disease . The patient is being treated with preoperative neoadjuvant chemotherapy using 5 FU , Vinblastine , Cisplatinum and concomitant radiation therapy . She is now admitted for her second course of that therapy .
This is a 39 year-old female with a history of diabetes type I on an insulin pump , anemia , hypothyroidism , gastroparesis , GERD , who was transferred from Mediplex Rehab Hospital Hospital for further management of hypoxic respiratory failure . She arrived at Mediplex Rehab Hospital Hospital on 07-01 for 1 day of nausea and vomiting and was found to be febrile to 99 at that time . She was admitted for likely gastroparesis and eventually had a complete fever work-up that included a negative chest x-ray , blood cultures , and urine culture . She was discharged on 07-02 and represented that day with continued nause , vomiting , and fever . She was readmitted and had a complete febrile work-up that included CT abdomene / pelvis , chest x-ray , blood culture 's , urine cultures , all of which were unremarkable . She was intubated on 07-03 for progressive respiratory failure . Workup continued to be negative . Extubation was attempted on 07-14 , but she was re-intubated due to inspiratory stridor . A CT neck showed soft tissue swelling obliterating the airway surrounding the ETT tube . She was transferred to Providence Behavioral Health Hospital for further management .
70 y/o F w/ tracheobronchomalacia , COPD , PMR , recurrent pneumonias who was recently discharged from Hallmark Health System to Pocasset Mental Health Center 06-07 after tracheobronchoplasty / tracheostomy and pigtail catheter placement for pleural effusions . Since discharge pt has continued at rehab on ps vent settings but pigtail catheter fell out today so pt was referred here for monitoring . On ROS , she notes feeling poorly , nausea , and diarrhea since d/c . She has pleuritic chest pain which she has had since she arrested during her admission here and had CPR . Per husband she has no cardiac history , and had a stress test ( unclr how recent ) that was normal
74 yo M with lung cancer DVT who presents with 1 day of substernal chest pain . Patient developed chest pain the night prior to admission . The pain was substernal 07-08 , did not radiate . He reports that the pain was similar to his prior MI . The patient had shortness of breath . In the Amanda the patients pain resolved with NTG and morphine . he was given ASA and bblocker . At time of my evaluation , the patient denied nausea , vomitting , abdominal pain , dysuria , dizziness , changes in vision /hearing
Mr. Kacholera Junk was a 34 year old gentleman with no significant past medical history except for a history of of intravenous drug abuse . He was status post a rehabilitation hospitalization at the Raya Ma Den Erinmarg Hospital with a recent recrudescence of his drug abuse . He was admitted to the Sephsandpot Center on the morning of 4/9 and was subsequently transferred to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital for further care . The patient was apparently well until one day prior to admission . His family reports that he had worked that day . He relates using large doses of Cocaine and Heroin early in the morning on the day of admission . At 3:00 a.m. on the day of admission he was found by the emergency medical technicians &quot; crawling on all fours &quot; , confused , and combative outside his home . He gave an equivocal history of fevers and chills on the days prior to admission . Bystanders report that he was assaulted about 20 minutes earlier and the nature of the assault was not known . He was taken to the Sephsandpot Center where he was hypotensive with a blood pressure of 105/85 , tachycardic with a heart rate to 186 , aneuric , hyperthermic , with a temperature to 105 degrees F , and progressively more confused . His chest x-ray was clear . He was treated with Dopamine for hypertension and Inderal for tachycardia . He received two amps of Narcan . He received one gram of Ceftriaxone intravenously after blood cultures were drawn . His initial arterial blood gas at the Sephsandpot Center revealed a p02 of 76 , pC02 14 , and a pH of 7.44 on room air . He was then transferred via Med Flight to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital . He denied any history of recent travel . Toxicology screen at Sephsandpot Center revealed Cocaine and Quinine . Shortly after his arrival to that hospital he had been intubated for a respiratory rate of 60 . He required medical paralysis for this . He was reported to have a seizure , although the nature of this was unclear , and received Valium for this .
Mr. Williams is an 85 yo gentleman who has a known cardiac history and has had a h/o worsening chest pain and shortness of breath . He had an echocardiogram which showed an EF 40-45% and severe aortic stenosis . He underwent cardiac catheterization which showed an 80% LAD lesion , chronically occluded RCA , anneurysmal mid LCX w/50% lesion . He was refered to Dr. Barber for surgical treatment .
The patient is a 59 year old gentleman who experienced a flash burn from grease while working on a stove on the night prior to admission . The patient at that time treated himself symptomatically at home but presented to Roing Hospital on the day after the event and was transferred to the Nimaconwood Valley Hospital immediately for evaluation because of his extensive burns . The patient was walking , talking , and was breathing without difficulty on arrival .
This is an 85 year old female with prior history of non-hodgkins lymphoma , s/p Cytoxan in 2003 a with recurrence in 2009 . Follow up examinations have found a suspicious left lower lobe finding . Cardiac workup prior to left lower lobe resection led to cardiac catheterization which found severe three vessel disease with 04-05+ mitral regurgitation . She now present for surgical intervention .
see dc summaryPast Medical History : see dc summary Social History : see dc summary Family History : see dc summary Physical Exam : see dc summary Pertinent Results : see dc summary Brief Hospital Course : see dc summary Medications on Admission : see dc summary
Mr. Gach is an 80 year old man with aprevious history of coronary artery disease who was transferred from Linghs County Medical Center to Oaksgekesser/ Memorial Hospital because of an apparent infected wound , including the PICC line in his right elbow and positive blood cultures for Staph. aureus associated with fever . He has a history of myocardial infarctions in 1981 , 1992 and 08/97 with thelast episode complicated by anoxic encephalopathy . He gradually improved but had recurrent angina requiring cardiac catheterization , demonstrating 90% left main , 95% ostial LAD and 30 to 40% mid-LAD with an occluded RCA . CABG surgery with two vessel bypass was done on 11/18/97 . He was then transferred to Linghs County Medical Center . A PICC line was placed in his left antecubital fossa and on the day of New Years Eve he developed a fever of 102 and became lethargic . The PICC line site was erythematous . Blood cultures grew out 4 out of 4 bottles for gram positive cocci , which thereafter proved to be Staph. aureus Methicillin sensitive . He had no chest pain , shortness of breath or diarrhea .
Briefly , this 68 year old male with a history of coronary artery disease , diabetes mellitus , peripheral vascular disease , was admitted originally to the Podiatry Service for a left patellar mid-foot ulcer . He underwent angiogram on 2013-08-28 , to evaluate his circulation and found at that time that the patient had a poor circulation to the left leg . The patient was transferred to the Vascular Surgery Service for bilateral iliac stenting at that time . The patient also at that time was followed by Cardiology and for preoperative evaluation had a stress test which was positive and he became diaphoretic but denied any chest pain . Atropine was given and heart rate returned to the 70s and his blood pressure returned to the 120s over 80s . The patient denied any orthopnea , shortness of breath , chest pain , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea or cough . He had occasional leg swelling .
This is a 62-year-old hospice chaplain who was referred by Dr. Tomedankell Flowayles and Dr. Es Oarekote for evaluation of his right hip pain . He states that his pain has been of seven to eight durations , and rated as moderate to severe ( 7/10 ) . He does limp . He does not use a cane and he requires a bannister for going up and down stairs . He has trouble with his shoes and socks . He uses a walker . He can walk about a quarter of a mile without stopping .
This is a 25 - year-old gentleman who is status post a motor vehicle accident in which he was the unrestrained driver and struck a telephone pole . He was ejected from the car and landed on his face . Extreme damage was reported to the vehicle by first responders . It was presumed high-speed motor vehicle collision . The patient was CMED-flighted to Quincy Medical Center , and he was intubated upon arrival in the Emergency Department . After initial trauma assessment and initiation of resuscitation , a CT scan was performed . Images of his head , abdomen , and thorax were obtained . His injuries included bilateral zygomal and orbital rim fractures , a right temporal fracture , bilateral frontal contusions , and a right temporal epidural versus subdural hematoma . The anterior and posterior of the frontal sinus was fractured with communication with the ethmoid air cells , presumably caused air in the orbit .
Mr. Steadman is a 25 year old man who was locked out of his apartment and tried to enter by climbing up two stories to get in by a window . He fell 15-20 feet onto concrete , denies any loss of consiousness . Past Medical History : denies
The patient is a 71 year old white female with metastatic ovarian carcinoma , who recently underwent an exploratory laparotomy on 5/2 by Dr. Korcblinknud . She was found to have widely metastatic ovarian carcinoma . There was sigmoid narrowing near a large left ovarian mass , and distal ileal narrowing by a right ovarian mass . The patient had an ileostomy performed and had had her first course of chemotherapy and later debulking operation by Dr. Median . She was well at home until 8:30 p.m. on the day of admission , when she developed acute onset of right foot pain , which was worse with walking . She complained of increased numbness of the right foot over time , and was seen at Sephsandpot Center , where she was found to have palpable right femoral and popliteal pulses , and no pedal pulses . The patient was transferred to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital . She had previous history of claudication .
The patient is a 78 y/o WF w/a PMH significant for HTN and afib who presented to an OSH w/ complaints of abd pain and nausea . She was found to have a R ureteral stone w/ resultant hydronephrosis and was transferred to Nantucket Cottage Hospital for ureteral stent placement . Her INR was found to be elevated when admitted and , in the course of waiting for this to normalize , the patient spiked a temperature to 105 and became hypotensive to the 70s . She was bolused w/out effect and had little response to neo so she was changed to levophed , given doses of cipro / vanco / gent and transferred to the CMED CSRU for management . In the CMED , urology was consulted and the patient received a R nephrostomy tube . However , tube placement was complicated by renal artery puncture , afib , and increased dyspnea . She was intubated for this hypoxia and treated with lasix , metoprolol , and diltiazem . She was weaned off her pressors on 02-21 and maintained her pressure w/out additional fluid boluses . Her sedation was weaned down and she was successfully extubated shortly thereafter . UCx grew proteus and her abx were changed to levaquin alone and she remained afebrile for > 24 hr on this regimen . She continued to have trouble with afib and required a dilt gtt on the day prior to call-out to control this rhythm but she was transitioned to PO diltiazem and has been in NSR since this time . She was restarted on heparin prior to d/c as a bridge to therapeutic coumadin anticoagulation .
The patient is a seventy-one year old white female with stenotic area on her mid sigmoid , noticed on barium enema . The ultrasound showed ascites and question of pelvic mass . The patient was explored by General surgery , who saw the 3C ovarian carcinoma . The patient also had an omentectomy and ileostomy . The patient was admitted for one cycle of Cytoxan and Cisplatin , and subsequently underwent debulking in June 1992 , as well as a total abdominal hysterectomy/ bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy , omentectomy , splenectomy , rectosigmoid resection with a take down of the ileostomy . Also ileal cecal resection , MDR showed that Cisplatin and VP 16 were more effective . The patient now presents for line 1 , cycle 4 to 15 of VP 16 and Cisplatin chemotherapy .
The patient is a **AGE[in 40s]- year - old African American male with a past medical history significant for end - stage renal disease , on hemodialysis , with a history of noncompliance and frequent admissions to the **INSTITUTION with fluid overload and shortness of breath when he misses his dialysis . Past medical history is also significant for asthma , chronic hepatitis C , hypertension , and chronic right - sided pleural effusion . The patient has a history of coronary artery disease and a history of rapid atrial fibrillation in the past . In addition , the patient has history of osteomyelitis of the sacroiliac joint , and the patient does have a history of drug abuse and continues to use cocaine . The patient presented to the emergency room with complaints of increasing shortness of breath with a mild nonproductive cough . The patient was admitted with the need for emergent dialysis .
This is a 62 year old gentleman who underwent an exercise treadmill test for screening through the Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital-Needham Clinic . The test was positive for EKG changes and shortness of breath . The patient has no history of chest pain; no history of myocardial infarction . The patient was referred to Cambridge Health Alliance for cardiac catheterization . Cardiac catheterization showed an ejection fraction of 50% , left ventricular end diastolic pressure of 20 , 90% left anterior descending lesion , 80% left circumflex lesion , 80% mid right coronary artery lesion and 80% distal right coronary artery lesion . The patient was referred to Dr. Rota for coronary artery bypass grafting .
The patient is a 48 - year-old woman who was transferred from Shaugnessy-Kaplan Rehab Hospital . The patient originally presented to her PCP approximately one week prior to admission here with increasing cough , dyspnea and fatigue . She was given a Z-Pak for treatment along with albuterol . Despite this , she continued to worsen and became febrile . So , she was admitted to Shaugnessy-Kaplan Rehab Hospital on 2015-07-10 . At the hospital , she was started on Rocephin and Levaquin for a right lower lobe pneumonia seen on chest x-ray . She continued to have increasing respiratory distress with hypoxia . She was also significantly tachypneic . At this time , repeat chest x-ray showed bilateral diffuse infiltrates consistent with ARDS . The patient was intubated and then transferred to Hahnemann General Hospital CMED .
Breunlinke is a 70-year-old patient of Dr. Brendniungand Asilbekote in California . She is referred for progressive angina . She had rheumatoid fever as a child and a heart murmur noted but no further testing . She has used antibiotic prophylaxis since 1980 . In 1980 she had quadruple coronary artery bypass graft surgery by Dr. Elks at Feargunwake Otacaa Community Hospital and did well until 1988 when she had exertional angina and a positive stress test and found that three or four grafts were occluded . In October , 1989 , Dr. No re-did her bypass operation . She had a left internal mammary artery graft to the left anterior descending , saphenous vein graft to the obtuse marginal 1 and a saphenous vein graft to the obtuse marginal 2 . In 1993 she had a DDD pacemaker for complete heart block . She had exertional angina at that time . In November , 1997 she had a small myocardial infarction as was transferred to Ona Hospital where a cardiac catheterization showed a tight left internal mammary artery to left anterior descending stenosis , high grade saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal 1 stenosis and patent obtuse marginal 2 graft . She had normal left ventricular function with apical tip akinesis . Since that time she has continued to have exertional left chest burning , radiating to the left neck and arm , relieved by nitroglycerin . She was turned down for re-do surgery at that time and did not have a percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty . Because these symptoms have been increasing , particularly at cardiac rehabilitation , she was referred here . In May , 1998 she had an exercise tolerance test in which her heart rate went to 112 and her blood pressure fell to 95 systolic . She had diffuse ischemic ST segment changes and increased lung uptake and a reversible anterior and lateral defect . She has had no syncope . Her cardiac risk factors are hypertension and elevated cholesterol . She has a very strong family history of coronary artery disease with a mother , sister and brother dying of myocardial infarction . She is a remote cigarette smoker . She also has a history of lactose intolerance , peptic ulcer disease , with a remote gastrointestinal bleed and multiple ectopic pregnancies and mid term miscarriages . She has had a total abdominal hysterectomy .
57 y/o F with multiple medical problems including polyendocrine deficiency comprised of adrenal insufficiency , DM , premature ovarian failure , hypoparathyroidism , addison 's disease and also breast CA and depression with multiple suicide attempts in the past who originally presented s/p tylenol with codeine overdose and hypotension , was intubated and admitted to the FICU . She was eventually stabilized and transfered out of the ICU to the medical Mary Lane Hospital . Subsequently , she was transfered to the psychiatric Mary Lane Hospital in Boston Medical Center 4 for further psychiatric w/u . This morning , 2017-07-12 , Ms. Gallegos King feeling weaker than usual . She noted that she had increased pain in her lower back , which she attributed to her arthritis . She ate a normal breakfast of cereal and milk . Later that am , she stood from her wheelchair , had a prodrome of LH and then reports LOC and fall . She denies any tunnel vision , darkened vision , or focal weakness this morning . No bowel / bladder incont , no aura , no postictal state . She does not recall falling , but does recall waking up with people surrounding her . During the fall she hit her nose and her R knee . She does not recall hitting her head . She does not describe decreased PO intake from her norm this morning , but did feel dehydrated at the time of her fall . LOC was unwitnessed . Early this morning before breakfast her BS was reportedly 145 , and after LOC , her BS was reportedly 207 . She reports that her BP was read at 60/48 after her fall . Her systolic BP measurements have been running around 100-110 over the past few weeks . Ms. Cassata has a history of " passing out " in August of 2004 , ( ? 7 hours ) , and reports that this episode did not feel similar .
The patient is a 65 year old male who sustained a small myocardial infarction first in 1978 , with course thereafter including a coronary artery bypass graft by Dr. Wierst ______________at Noughwell Entanbon Health in 1986 . In 1991 he presented with congestive heart failure and he underwent porcine aortic valve replacement . In the seven to eight months preceding admission , he developed recurrent angina with dyspnea on exertion . The patient was admitted for cardiac catheterization in early December , 1993 .
42 yom with PMH of HTN , hyperchol admitted to OSH 1 day ago with black tarry stools X 2 days . Patient states that he had chronically had loose stools but over 2 preeceeding days noticed the stool to be dark and tarry . + Epigastric discomfort , gurgling gas-like pain , no association with food . + lightheadedness when he stood up prompting him to go to OSH Nellie . He states that he takes ASA daily and takes motrin 800 mg tid sometimes for pain , last use 2 wks PTA . Denies BRBPR , n/v/d . Denies recent fevers , chills . Denies any hemetemesis . At OSH initial Hct = 26 , and 22 upon repeat . He was also orthostatic given 3 units PRBC and IVF . EGD attempted but pt unable to tolerate . He is now transferred to Mediplex Rehab Hospital for futher workup and Rx . On transfer pt denies any complaints . States that lightheadedness is resolved .
The patient is a **AGE[in 50s]- year - old female with ongoing degenerative arthritis of the right knee . She has pain on a daily basis and failed conservative treatments including antiinflammatories , activity modification , cortisone injections , and viscosupplementation . After having pain on a daily basis and limitation of her activities , she elected to proceed with a right total knee arthroplasty , performed by Dr. **NAME[XXX] .
58 YEAR-OLD FEMALE S/P GASTRIC BYPASS 03-01 WITHOUT COMPLICATIONS POST-OPERATIVELY , NOW PRESENTS WITH ABOMENAL AND AND ASCOCIATED NAUSEA SINCE THE NIGHT BEFORE ADMISSION . PAIN IS DIFFUSED , 06-05 OUT OF 10 IN INTENSITY , AND HAS NOT IMPROVED OVERNIGHT . NO FLATUS X 1 DAY .
Ms. **NAME[AAA] is a **AGE[in 70s]- year - old female who presented to **INSTITUTION on **DATE[Jul 03 2007] after being involved in a motor vehicle accident . The patient was an unrestrained driver who did experience loss of consciousness at the scene . Upon arrival in the Emergency Department , the patient got intubated . The patient had large scalp lacerations and a right ecchymotic peri - orbital eye upon initial evaluation . CT of the head in the ED revealed a small right subarachnoid hemorrhage and a type 3 odontoid fracture .
Baby Davis is the 3.160 kilogram product of a term pregnancy . He was born to a 38 - year-old gravida I , para 0 ( now 1 ) mother at 37 and 1/7 weeks . The pregnancy was benign with an EDC of 2019-01-18 . Prenatal screens were O positive , antibody negative , hepatitis surface antigen negative , rapid plasma reagent nonreactive , rubella immune , group B strep negative . The infant delivered by spontaneous vaginal delivery with Apgar scores of 8 at one minute and 8 at five minutes .
Mr. Le is a seventy three year old male who presents to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital , following a self inflicted gunshot wound to the head . Mr. Le was found in bed with a 32 caliber revolver at his side . The patient was apparently alone at home , his neighbors heard a single shot , and the paramedics were called . Upon arrival , they found the patient in bed , with notes nearby , listing his funeral home preferences and information on his next of kin . The patient indicates that his neighbors were making excessive noise upstairs from his dwelling , and he found it unbearable . He therefore decided to take his life with a gun which he had found in the house . Apparently , the gun belonged to his father . On further questioning , the patient described that his father passed away approximately forty to fifty years prior to his admission , and the gun was found in a box in their home . The patient expressed concern that he had several utility bills that he was unable to pay . The patient &apos;s sister died eight years prior to the patient &apos;s admission of leukemia , and he otherwise has no next of kin with the exception of one brother in Washington , with whom his relationship is tenuous . On initial questioning , however , the patient denies any recent losses . On admission , the patient denies any suicidal or homicidal ideation .
Jadiara Harrison is twin #1 born to a 17 year-old primiparous mother at 31 weeks gestation . Mother was admitted to the Nantucket Cottage Hospital from Lawrence General Hospital Hospital on 05-01 with cervical effacement and preterm labor . She was treated with magnesium sulfate . She had previously been admitted here at the 24th week after a motor vehicle accident. She was treated with tocolysis and betamethasone at that time . Due to progressing labor and presentation of twins , delivery was by Cesarean section . Prenatal screens were notable for blood type 0 positive , antibody negative , hepatitis B surface antigen negative , RPR nonreactive . Rubella status was not documented . Group B strep status was unknown . Infant emerged from the breech position . She was vigorous . She was given blow-by oxygen and stimulation . Her Apgars were 7 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes . She was brought to the CMED CSRU for further evaluation .
The patient is a 52 year old female with gravida 3 para 3 who presents with complains of abdominal pain and enlarged ovary by ultrasound . The patient is also complaining of several years urinary incontinence . The patient &apos;s recent history is also notable for a Papanicolaou smear which revealed somomabodies . The patient also had vaginal bleeding in April 1992 following radiation therapy . The patient initially presented with hypercalcemia and underwent a parathyroidectomy on June 22 , 1993 . It was at that time that her abnormal Papanicolaou smear was obtained . The patient is now admitted for exploratory laparotomy .
The patient is a 31 year old gravida 0 with stage IV endometrial cancer and stage III-C ovarian cancer vs metastatic endometrial cancer for line 2 , cycle 1 chemotherapy . The patient presented in 10-90 , with heavy bleeding per vagina . D and C showed grade II-III adenocarcinoma with squamous differentiation at Wellla Uxinny : mount Medical Center in Com St. , Tton , Arkansas 32167 . The patient underwent TAH / BSO , partial omentectomy at CTMC in 10-90 . At that time , tumor was found to be studding on the right diaphragm , gross tumor in the omentum and large bowel , tumor through the uterine serosa . Pathology showed grade II-III papillary adenocarcinoma of the endometrium with squamous differentiation which was focally invasive and superficial myometrium . The ovary showed papillary serous adeno with omental involvement consistent with an endometroid adenocarcinoma . The question was whether or not whether she had two primaries vs metastatic endometrial cancer . The patient underwent 6 cycles of CAP in Pemrancetul Tonsst. . However  , during the fourth cycle  , Cytoxan was dropped . Her CA-125 on 6-27-91 , was 249 and on 8-29-91 , was 734 . In 05-92 , the patient was admitted to Wellla Uxinny : mount Medical Center with left leg DVT and started on Heparin therapy . She was discharged from there on Coumadin therapy . On admission , the patient has no complaints except anxiety .
Patient is a 79 - year-old female with a history of cataracts , glaucoma , and diabetes , who fell and tripped over a wheelchair of a friend with no loss of consciousness , no dizziness , no chest pain , and no shortness of breath .
Melba Barnett is the 3.710 - kg ( 8 - pound 3 - ounce ) product of a term gestation . He was born to a 35 - year-old gravida 2 , para 1 ( now 2 ) mother . Readmitted for hyperbilirubinemia on day of life #5 . The pregnancy was benign with an EDC of 2018-05-07 . Prenatal screens were O+ , antibody negative , hepatitis surface antigen negative , rapid plasma reagin nonreactive , rubella immune , group B strep positive . The infant delivered vaginally with Apgar scores of 9 at one minute and 9 at five minutes . Alleyne blood type is O+ / Coombs negative . He was readmitted for phototherapy on day of life #5 for a bilirubin of 23.3 .
The patient is a 65-year-old man with refractory CLL , status post non-myeloblative stem cell transplant approximately nine months prior to admission , and status post prolonged recent Retelk County Medical Center stay for Acanthamoeba infection of skin and sinuses , complicated by ARS due to medication toxicity , as well as GVHD and recent CMV infection , readmitted for new fever , increasing creatinine , hepatomegaly and fluid surge spacing , in the setting of hyponatremia . Patient initially presented in 1991 with cervical lymphadenopathy , was treated with MACE / CytaBOM , and did well until 1997 , when he received six cycles of fludarabine for progressive disease . In November , 2001 , he progressed to leukemic phase , received Rituxan and CVP . Started Campath in July , 2001 , complicated by lymphopenia / neutropenia and CMV infection , and underwent MUD stem cell transplant in December , 2002 . The patient had bone marrow biopsy , August , 2003 , for persistent pancytopenia , revealing mild hypercelluarity with 80% leukemic cells . He was again treated with Campath , had recurrent fever in association with sinus symptoms , with CT scan showing left maxillary sinusitis in association with new skin nodules on right elbow and buttocks . Patient was hospitalized September 26 to November 11 for what was diagnosed by skin biopsy and sinus washings as Acanthamoeba infection of skin and sinuses , without any progression to neurologic infection ( as assessed by head CT and MRI ) . ID consult was obtained and he was initially treated with azithromycin , itraconazole , and pentamidine , with progression of skin infection . Subsequent discontinuance of azithromycin , trial of 5-FC , with increasing neutropenia requiring discontinuance , change if itraconazole to voriconazole , given continued neutropenia , and trial of sulfadiazine , discontinued for increasing ARS . Patient was maintained on p.o. voriconazole and IV pentamidine , with pentamidine nasal washings , with re-CT of sinuses near end of stay showing no change in disease burden . He has had recurrent CMB infection in the setting of Campath therapy , requiring IV Foscarnet therapy during stay , with inability to tolerate valganciclovir maintenance suppression subsequently due to increasing ARS . Hypercapture near end of stay was negative . Patient experienced acute renal failure on chronic renal insufficiency , with previous baseline creatinine 1.6 , felt to be due to medication toxicity , requiring Kayexalate and Phoslo to manage electrolytes , but never any need for hemodialysis , with mild improvement of creatinine by discharge , with peak creatinine 3.4 , discharge creatinine 2.6 . Patient struggled with GVHD , with extensive skin involvement , taking Cellcept , prednisone and cyclosporine at time of last admission . Cellcept was discontinued in the setting of infection , but attempts to decrease prednisone or cyclosporine were unsuccessful . Patient returns from rehabilitation after discharge on November 11 , with new fever up to 102.0 in DSCI clinic , increasing hepatomegaly as assessed by examination in clinic , and increasing creatinine . Patient reports no significant changes in how he feels over the past week . Denies cough , shortness of breath , chest pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , dysuria , neck stiffness , new skin lesions , worsening red petechiae , or increasing sinus symptoms . Patient reports persistent mild right upper quadrant discomfort , recent poor appetite .
Mr. Reese is a 70 - year-old gentleman with end stage liver disease secondary to alcoholic cirrhosis . Of note , he underwent radiofrequency ablation of two small liver nodules , one in segment VI and the other in the caudate lobe . Both are less than 2 cm . Cytology on these nodules was suspicious for hepatocellular carcinoma . The ablation was done on 2013-12-04 . He had decompensation of his cirrhosis in 2011 with ascites and SBP . He also had encephalopathy during that period . The liver was from a 62 year-old gentleman who had died from CVA with normal liver function . He has no history of a GI bleed or varices by endoscopy . His last drink was in 2009-11-11 . Prior to this , he drank a bottle of wine a day
Patient is a 58 year old male with a recent admission for abdominal pain s/p negative exploratory laparotomy for suspected intussuception now returns on day of discharge with fever and tachycardia . Patient has a history for terrible vasculopathy s/p recent right BKA with dry gangrene of the distal stump . Patient 's last admission was significant for a negative ex-lap . Post-operatively , his course was complicated by respiratory distress necessitating an urgent return to the ICU and was intubated . After multuple failed attempts at extubation , the patient was trached . Patient then did well on a trach mask and was transferred to rehab on the day of admission but now returns with tachycardia to the 120 's , and fever to 102 degrees F .
The patient is a 28 - year-old , gravida 3 , para 1 , at approximately 27 weeks gestation , who was admitted on 2014-05-12 due to increasing symptoms of congestive heart failure . She has known dilated cardiomyopathy with a baseline ejection fraction of approximately 25% . She had been managed as an outpatient during her pregnancy and was on multiple medications including Lasix 40 mg daily , Hydralazine 25 mg daily , Toprol XL 100 mg daily , digoxin 0.5 mg daily and Lovenox 40 mg twice daily subcutaneously . She also took albuterol on a p.r.n. basis for her asthma . She has known allergy to penicillin , vancomycin and erythromycin . She was evaluated upon presentation by the Maternal Fetal Medicine attending on call as well as by Cardiology . She was found to have symptoms of congestive heart failure as well as decreased fetal movement . Fetal monitoring initially on admission was appropriate for gestational age .
The patient is a seventy two year old man who a number of years ago underwent coronary bypass surgery at another institution . This took place in 1983 . In 1992 he underwent redo surgery and aortic valve replacement . In April 1994 he presented with an acute inferior myocardial infarction and was given Streptokinase . He had recurrent pain and went to the Catheter Laboratory where a proximal right coronary artery lesion was angioplastied . A relook several days later led to a repeat percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty . He has has stable , mild angina , subsequently , mostly in the setting of stress . Slightly increased in recent months . On the day of admission , he was involved in a minor motor vehicle accident , and there was some apparent controversy with the driver of the other vehicle , during the course of which he developed substernal chest pain radiating to the left arm and shoulder . This waxed and waned for thirty to sixty minutes , and he took a number of nitroglycerins . After returning home after conferring with his wife , and the pain lasted another half hour , he came to the emergency room . His electrocardiogram showed increased T wave inversions in V3 and V4 and 1 mm . ST segment depression in V3 through V6 . His examination was largely benign after he was made pain free . The pulse was 75 , blood pressure 120/80 , respirations 18 , and he was afebrile . The jugular veins were not distended , the carotid volume was diminished . The chest was clear and the cardiac rhythm was regular . There were normal prothetic valves . There was a grade II-II apical and systolic murmur . The abdomen was negative and there was no edema of the feet . The electrocardiogram demonstrated normal sinus rhythm with poor R wave progression , left atrial enlargement and T wave inversion in leads V 4 , 5 , and **INSTITUTION General Internal Medicine Discharge Summary
64 F with breast CA s/p mastectomy 17 y ago with local recurrence leading to paralysis of L arm ~ 5-6 y ago . Now declining gradually since January ( 30 lbs weight loss , becoming more confused , decreased appetite ). Patient declined workup / imaging for mets as outpatient . Moving toward home hospice . Over the last 2 weeks , husband reports patient becoming increasingly weak , unable to leave bed , confused , unable to feed herself . Seen by VNA and noted to be tachycardic and sent to Middleboroughfor evaluation . Now sent in to Amesbury by VNA because of asymptomatic sinus tachycardia . Transferred here for workup for CNS mets and admission . In John , VS - 99.6 , 135 , 122/65 , 20 . Neurology evaluated pt and felt to have intact brainstem reflexes but poor prognosis . Neurosurg evaluated pt and felt to not be surgical candidate ; recommended dilantin load and decadron . Received lorazepam prior to CT scan . Intubated for MS changes and lethargy and concern for airway protection . Post intubation , hypotensive and started on dopamine and transitioned to levophed . Received vancomycin / levafloxacin at OSH . Received metronidazole at Ricky in Mediplex Rehab Hospital . In CMED CCU , pt. responsive to noxious stimuli only . History obtained from husband as above .
The patient is a 75 year old Hispanic male with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus , status post a right above-knee amputation about five years ago , who reportedly approximately four months ago , he developed a small ulceration in the left great toe , which progressively worsened . He was seen by a doctor in Arizona and treated with dressing changes and debridement until approximately six weeks ago , when antibiotics were started with Ciprofloxacin . The patient was seen and it was suggested that he should have an amputation and he decided to come to Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital for further evaluation .
The patient is a 66 year old white female with metastatic colon carcinoma with a mass in the left superhilar region , who presents for bronchoscopy , mediastinal exploration and resection . The patient was in her usual state of health until she experienced the onset of abdominal pain in early 1992 . In December of 1992 , she underwent a transverse colectomy for colon carcinoma which was Duke &apos;s grade B-II , lymph nodes were negative . She received postoperative chemotherapy . In September of 1992 , she underwent an exploratory laparotomy because of an increased level of CEA in her blood with the presence of a liver abnormality on computerized tomography scan . The exploratory laparotomy was negative . She continued to have a rise in her CEA level which prompted a further work up . In September of 1993 , an abdominal and pelvic computerized tomography scan was negative and in June of 1993 , she had a negative bone scan . In December of 1994 , a thoracic computerized tomography scan showed a four centimeter soft tissue mass on the left suprahilar region , adjacent to the aortopulmonary window . She also experienced increased hoarseness over the preceding months , which was due to left vocal cord paralysis . She also complains of increased shortness of breath for the preceding month and now presents for mediastinal exploration and resection of her probable metastatic mass .
The patient is a 63 year old gentleman who had initially presented with exertional chest pressure several weeks prior to this admission that would resolve with rest . Stress echocardiogram demonstrated an ejection fraction of 40% , hypokinesis of distal anterior wall , akinesis of distal inferior wall and apex . The patient had a cardiac catheterization which revealed three vessel disease and the patient now presents for elective coronary artery bypass grafting .
52 y.o. male with ESLD due to HCV / EtOH Cirrhosis now with delta MS . Recently d/c 'd on 05-15 after admission for hepatic encephalopathy versus opiate abuse . Brought in by family for ams . No hx available at Youville Hospital Katherine , except for abdominal pain . Increasing tachypnea and tachycardia in Leola , cxr with likely aspiration pna versus chf , intubated . Started on levo / flagyl / ceftriaxone and lasix for sbp and questionable meningitis .
57 yo right handed male with seizure history since 1988 , s/p craniotomies x 3 ( most recently 05-05 ) for oligodendroglioma . The patient began having generalized tonic - clonic seizures in 1988 , which at the time were thought to be related to asthma medications . At this time , his head CT was negative , and he was treated with Dilantin and Phenobarbital . However , he continued to have left arm focal motor seizures and problems thinking . In 2001-08-31 he stopped his medication and had a generalized tonic - clonic seizure in 12/94 . He was diagnosed by biopsy with oligodendroglioma , and gross total resection by Dr. Redner in 95 revealed a low-grade oligodendroglioma . He was followed by Dr. Gregory Dumas , with serial MRI 's. In 2011-05-02 , he was requiring more ativan to control his seizures , and was increasingly disoriented and forgetful with headaches . He had a repeat total resection in 4/04 by Dr. Peter Hoadley at Hallmark Health System which revealed anaplastic oligodendroglioma grade III . He had radiation following the resection and was doing well on monthly Temodar until 2012-04-23 when he had a marked change in behavior , his balance was off , speech slurred , and he had difficulty using the computer . A head MRI on 2012-04-24 revealed increasing tumor infiltration with increased edema and mass effect . He underwent a right craniotomy with resection and gliadel wafers on 2012-05-02 at Hallmark Health System by Dr. Ackley . Came for neurosurgery follow up on 05-21 , and had been having clear fluid leaking from his incision , as well as frontal headache , imbalance , bumping into things with his left leg and worsening tremors . He was admitted for Lumbar drain placement
Mr. Vessels is a 49-year-old man status post orthotopic heart transplantation in 1991 at Dautenorwe Stuart Erec Hillpa Of Hospital who is admitted with dyspnea and severe heart failure . Mr. Vessels &apos;s postoperative course has been marked by CMV infection , hypertension , poorly controlled lipids , peripheral vascular disease , and chronic renal insufficiency with a creatinine of 1.8 or so . Recently he had documented coronary angiography based on a catheterization performed in January 1996 with moderate to diffuse atherosclerosis . A repeat angiogram performed a year later showed marked progression of coronary allograft disease . A biopsy at that time revealed grade 1B rejection with endothelialitis and eosinophils . He was treated with pulsed IV steroids and Imuran , was augmented with mycophenolate Mofetil . Chest x-ray showed cariogenic pulmonary edema and he was faring poorly . Prior to admission he was seen approximately 1 week in the office with mild congestive heart failure . An echocardiogram then revealed an ejection fraction of 40% and an endomyocardial biopsy revealed no ejection .
The patient is a 79-year-old man status postradical cystoprostatectomy with ileal loop for locally invasive prostate cancer . This operation was performed 2/11/02 by Dr. Doje Para . The postoperative course was complicated by atrial fibrillation with transfer to the Cardiac Step-Down Unit . This transfer occurred around postoperative day 8 for anticoagulation and amiodarone load . The anticoagulation was stopped due to concern for postoperative bleeding . The patient complained of fevers . The patient presented to the emergency room on 3/7/02 , complaining of fevers since Monday 3/2/02 . He developed erythema around the wound on Wednesday and was seen by Dr. Para , who started Keflex and obtained a CT scan which demonstrated a fluid collection at the site of erythema . The fevers continued as high as 102.5 degrees F with chills on the morning of admission . He was draining pus from the wound site with subsequent relief of discomfort at the site .
Mr. Pizano is a 75 y/o man who has a PMHx significant for Enterococcus mitral valve endocarditis which has been treated since 09-19 . He has had 2 6 week courses of antibiotics with recurrent bacteremia . He had a TEE on 2019-01-22 which revealed thickened mitral leaflets with small vegetations on both anterior and posterior leaflets with moderate to severe mitral regurgitation . He has preserved LV systolic function with mild TR and AR and LAE without abscess . He had a repeat TEE on 02-19 which revealed 4 + MR . Thomasine was tranferred from MWMC ( where he was admitted on 02-15 with fevers and positive blood cultures ) to IDMC for further treatment and possibly MVR . Past Medical History : h/o Mitral Valve Endocarditis Hypertension h/o CVA Spinal Stenosis s/p Lumbar Laminectomy x 3 Parkinson 's disease h/o paranoid delusions MGUS vs MM
This 78-year-old woman had stage IIIB carcinoma of the cervix and she has known periaortic and splenic metastases . She was discharged from the hospital about 18 days prior to her admission , following a month long stay . When her cancer was diagnosed , she underwent total abdominal hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy and pelvic lymphadenectomy . She had extensive disease of the uterus , ovarian tubes , omentum and the periaortic lymph nodes . Postoperatively , she developed ileus , then finally she recovered and she was discharged to the nursing home . She was readmitted because of a problem with uremia and high BUN and creatinine when she seen in the office and the BUN and creatinine was ordered . The BUN was 70 and creatinine was 4.6 and for this reason she had ultrasound of the kidney which showed bilateral hydronephrosis . The patient was admitted to the hospital for ureteral stent placement . On the day of admission , she was generally stable and she had no evidence of disease in the pelvis , no bleeding and no other abnormality .
75 yo F with CAD s/p MI x4 ( s/p LAD stent  '09 and RCA stent x 2 in  '00 and  '04 ) , CHF with EF 55% , PAF , Inducible Vtach s/p AICD placement , sick sinus syndrome s/p pacer and COPD with restrictive lung disease . Per daughter , pt was in her USOH until two days prior to admission when she was noted to have a superficial ulcerations on her foot with erythema . Pt was taken to Bridgewater Chelsea Soldier 's Home Hospital and started on unasyn IV . Pt awoke later that night and felt unsteady on her feet and sustained a mechanical fall . Per daughter , pt did not note chest pain , tachycardia , had a good PO intake and no noted seizure activity . Pt was in severe " back pain " as per daughter which was treated with dilaudid . CT of the neck revealed a possible C1 fracture and the X-ray at the OSH revealed intratrochanteric fracture of the right femur . Pt was subsequently transferred to Hallmark Health System for orthopaedic evaluation . In Monica at Hallmark Health System , pt was seen by the Trauma service where a CT of the neck revealed no fracture ( however , the c-collar was maintained secondary to pain ) . The orthopaedic service recommended emergent repair of the intratrochanteric fracture secondary to instability . The Monica stay was complicated by runs of afib to 133 requiring IV lopressor .
The patient is a 72 year old white male with a history of coronary artery disease , status post a four vessel coronary artery bypass graft in 1983 , pulmonary hypertension , hepatitis C positive cirrhosis history with history of portal hypertension and status post an upper gastrointestinal bleed on 4-10-98 , who presents from Sondi Memorial for work up of pulmonary infiltrates , acute renal failure and pulmonary hypertension . The patient presented to Sondi Memorial on 4-10-98 with fatigue and fall , found to have a hematocrit of 29 , baseline 37 . The patient was transfused two units and an esophagogastroduodenoscopy done where it showed gastritis , candidal esophagitis and portal hypertensive gastropathy without varices . A colonoscopy showed anteriordysplasia , no bleeding was seen . The patient was discharged after one week on iron sulfate . On 4-24 , the patient was seen again at Sondi Memorial when he experienced at home a fall , no loss of consciousness , positive substernal chest pain , pleuritic pain , shortness of breath and cough . He went to Sondi Memorial where he ruled out for myocardial infarction and was found to have a left lower lobe infiltrate / pneumonia , started on cefuroxime . His respiratory condition continued to deteriorate despite aggressive chest physical therapy for possible blood , given Lasix for congestive heart failure , became hypotensive , hypoxic and intubated . The patient was found to have expanding pulmonary infiltrates on chest x-ray , developed acute renal insufficiency with minimal urine output , less than 10 cc an hour , started on dopamine for hemodynamic instability . An echocardiogram was obtained on 4-26 which showed concentric left ventricular hypertrophy with normal _____ left ventricular function , severe right ventricular dilatation with septal hypokinesis and flattening with a question of right ventricular apical clot raised with mild aortic stenosis , severe tricuspid regurgitation and increased pulmonary artery pressure of approximately 70 millimeters , consistent with fairly severe pulmonary hypertension . Blood cultures x two sent off with no growth . The patient ruled out for myocardial infarction with flat creatine kinases and he was sent to Oaksgekesser/ Memorial Hospital for further work up .
This is a 56 year-old gentleman with severe aortic stenosis , reports having been told he had a heart murmur many years ago but just recently diagnosed with aortic stenosis . He has had mild dyspnea on exertion increasing over the past couple of months prior to admission . An echocardiogram in 2011-09-05 revealed a left ventricular ejection fraction of 20 to 25% .
Mr. Factor is a 76 year old white male with acute inferior myocardial infarction , who was urgently transferred by Dr. Lenni Factor for cardiac catheterization and possible angioplasty . His only cardiac risk factor includes hypertension . The night of Oct 14 , 1999 the patient developed chest discomfort associated with shortness of breath . On October 15 , 1999 at 6 AM the patient was admitted to No Verlmerver Medical Center . An electrocardiogram showed acute inferior myocardial infarction . Due to unknown duration of the chest pain the patient wastransferred urgently to the TGCHO for cardiac catheterization . Shortly after Aggrastat was started , the patient became pain free .
The patient is a 58 - year-old man with history of IDDM , PVD , status post toe amputations , diabetic neuropathy , and retinopathy recently admitted to McLean Hospital from 2017-01-13 , through 2017-01-18 , with a diagnosis of right heel diabetic ulcer with MSSA osteomyelitis of the calcaneus , MSSA bacteremia , acute interstitial nephritis secondary to oxacillin , and RLL pna . He was sent home with a PICC line and IV antibiotics . He returned to the Wing Memorial & Medical Center intubated from an outside hospital on 2017-02-04 , for respiratory failure and was sent to CMED CSRU . Prior to his re-admission , his sister had noted that he was having some shaking chills and heavy breathing . When he came back to Faulkner Hospital Hospital for confusion and diaphoresis , his initial oxygen sat was only 80% with a fingerstick of 29 . He was given D50 , but continued to have progressive respiratory failure , was therefore intubated and transferred to the Austen Riggs Center where he was noted to have multifocal pneumonia and bacteremia with enterobacter and MSSA . Past Medical History : diabetes type 1 since age 24 after pancreatic trauma diabetic retinopathy direct neuropathy PVD status post multiple toe amputations recent right heel osteomyelitis recent MSSA bacteremia multifocal pneumonia acute interstitial nephritis cataract surgery . Social History : divorced truck driver tobacco : 16 pack year hx ; quit 24 years ago ETOH : occasional beer
Mr. State is an 81-year-old man with a history of restrictive and obstructive lung disease , dilated cardiomyopathy , inferior myocardial infarction , and anterior mediastinal masses admitted with acute onset of pulmonary edema . In the setting of inadvertently decreasing Lasix from 80 mg. po 40 mg. a day Mr. State had sudden onset dyspnea after approximate day and a half prodrome culminating in severe dyspnea . Upon arrival in the Emergency Room Mr. State &apos;s saturations were in the mid 80s and he was promptly rendered more comfortable with high flow oxygen , morphine , and nitrates and intravenous Lasix . Chest x-ray was relatively unrevealing for interstitial or alveolar edema and with clinical improvement ensued with the immediate therapy in the Emergency Room as noted . The patient denied angina , syncope , preceding worsening orthopnea , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea , palpitations , chest pain , hematemesis or melena .
Mr. **NAME[AAA] is an unfortunate **AGE[in 70s]- year - old white male with past medical history of cirrhosis , hepatocellular CA , coronary artery disease , atrial fibrillation , chronic renal insufficiency , thrombocytopenia , anemia , aortic stenosis , and peptic ulcer disease who had one of many recurrent admissions to **INSTITUTION secondary to multiple falls . He also is having intermittent confusion . He was found to be in paroxysmal atrial fibrillation and was admitted for further management .
Patient is a 26 - year-old female with a past medical history significant for nonischemic dilated cardiomyopathy with an ejection fraction of 15-20% , who presents with a one-week history of progressive shortness of breath . She reports orthopnea with an increasing pillow requirement of 2-4 with paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea . Patient also reports a 6-pound weight gain over the last four days with associated lower extremity edema . She also reports positional chest pain , which is worse with lying down and relieved with sitting up . She denies any pain with activity . She also reports a cough productive of green sputum for approximately one week . She does report chills , but no fevers . In the Emergency Department , she was started on a nesiritide drip and responded well with 2000 cc urine output .
CC : dyspnea  86 yo man with h/o CVA , CHF , recent episodes of aspiration pneumonia , who p/w dyspnea from his NH . Per the pt 's daughter , the patient has had 2-3 episodes of asp pna in the last 2 months , for which he has received IV abx at the NH with apparent resolution of symptoms . The daughter says that on the day PTA , when she visited the patient at the NH , he was " having a good day ," more interactive than usual and in good spirits . She was called at 430 am today from the NH with the news that the pt was not doing well , and she came to the Deanna to meet up with her father . Of note , the patient 's daughter and son-in-law confirm his desire to be DNR/DNI , stating that they want him to be comfortable . However , when asked if she thinks he would want comfort measures even if it meant that his respiratory status would worsen , the pt 's daughter says that he would not . In particular , she feels that the pt would not want a morphine drip if it would negatively impact his respiratory function . ROS : patient unable to communicate at current time
The patient is a 50 year-old female with a history of bilateral lung nodules dating back to the July of 1995 discovered on a work-up for an adrenal abnormality . Diffuse adenopathy was noted at that time and an attempt was made at axillary node biopsy which was aborted secondary to positioning difficulty and difficult intubation . She was since then lost to follow-up with a recently re-establish primary care practitioner contact . Follow-up chest CT on October 26 , 1997 at the Ver Medical Center showed multiple pulmonary nodules in abundant number , very small nodes seen in the mediastinum but no hilar adenopathy , no hepatosplenomegaly or adrenal mass was noted . Chest x-ray on August 6 , 1997 revealed multiple pulmonary nodules increasing in size since July 22 , 1995 .
This is a 64-year-old female with a history of hypertension , hypercholesterolemia , diabetes mellitus , and dilated cardiomyopathy ( with a transthoracic echocardiogram in 2016-01-13 showing an ejection fraction of 40% , posterior and inferior apical akinesis , and large left ventricular thrombus ). The patient was admitted from 2016-01-21 to 2016-02-03 ; at which time she was ruled out for a myocardial infarction . She had a cardiac catheterization which revealed 3-vessel disease with normal left main , mid left anterior descending artery 60% , diffuse 90% mid distal stenosis at the origin of the diagonal , serial 70% and 90% left circumflex lesions , and 90% first obtuse marginal , and mid right coronary artery 60% . During initial evaluation for a coronary artery bypass graft , 80% to 90% of the right coronary artery stenosis was found ; for which she underwent a right internal carotid artery stent . She was discharged on Coumadin for a goal INR of 2.5 to 3 . She was then admitted again on 2016-03-30 for an elective coronary artery bypass graft . At surgery , the descending aorta was noted to be calcified , and an intraoperative transesophageal echocardiogram revealed an irregular intra-aortic pedunculated lesion . Given the elevated stroke risk of aortic cross-clamping in the setting of this finding , the plan for a bypass graft was aborted . The patient was then transferred to the Coronary Care Unit Service for medical management in anticipation of possible percutaneous coronary intervention later in the admission .
The patient is a 74 year old female with metastatic papillary carcinoma of the thyroid who presented to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital on 4/28/93 with progressive weakness , weight loss and shortness of breath . The patient was in a good state of health until January of 1993 when she developed a serious upper respiratory tract infection associated with weakness and fatigue . She had also reported a weight loss of 15 pounds over the past two months . Although her upper respiratory tract infection seemed to be resolving , her weakness persisted . A work up begun by her internist , Dr. Brain , revealed a white blood cell count of 49,000 with 50% eosinophils . She was admitted to Box Memorial Hospital Nursing Home for further evaluation . Data collected there included a chest x-ray which was unremarkable . The liver function tests showed an alkaline phosphatase of 303 , LDH 310 , SGOT 66 , albumin 2.5 . A peripheral blood smear showed mature eosinophils in increased numbers . Chromosomal studies were negative . A bone scan showed increased uptake at the manubrium at the site of an old fracture , as well as in the right supraclavicular area . A thyroid ultrasound showed an inferior thyroid mass . This was followed by an abdominal CT which showed an enlarged spleen , a lytic lesion on the right iliac bone and a benign renal cyst . Biopsy of the lytic lesion was consistent with metastases papillary carcinoma of the thyroid . An upper gastrointestinal was unremarkable . The small bowel follow through was within normal limits . A thyroid scan revealed decreased function and displacement of the thyroid by a cold mass located inferiorly with calcifications on the right side . A chest CT also revealed a small pulmonary nodule with a necrotic mass involving the right lung posteriorly . The patient was subsequently referred to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital under the service of Dr. Brain . She continued to have profound weakness , a decreased appetite and weight loss . She also developed lower extremity edema as well as left upper extremity swelling associated with increased shortness of breath on exertion . A needle biopsy of the right thyroid nodule showed papillary thyroid carcinoma . The patient reports no history of radiation exposure , no family history of thyroid carcinoma , no recent travels or exposure to tuberculosis .
This is a 57-year-old nursing home resident female , who had been in her usual state of health until about three weeks ago when the daughter noted she was sleeping more . Per record , she has had multiple episodes in the last week of changes in mental status . EMTs called many times . The patient would awake prior to arrival and not need transfer . The patient was seen at the Leonard Morse/Metrowest Medical Center on 09-28 . No localizing etiology of delta MS . That evening she was unresponsive and the patient was brought to Amesbury Hospital Hospital . There her oxygen she was sating 65% on room air , increased to 98% with a nonrebreather mask . There an ABG was done which showed an ABG of 7.42 , 62 , and 55 . She had a head CT that was negative . Chest x-ray that was questionable left lower lobe infiltrate . Lumbar puncture was performed and the micro cultures are still pending . She was seen by Psychiatry at the outside hospital , but noted there was no psychoses , but delirium . The patient 's mental status waxed and waned there . She also had a K of 6.0 and given 30 of Kayexalate , 5 of Haldol , 2 mg of Ativan given for agitation , and 2 mg of ceftriaxone was given for a temperature of 101.3 with a concern for meningitis as a LP was done prior . Patient was transferred to the Kindred Hospital Melendez the patient 's primary care provider was here . She is currently being seen by Addison Gilbert Hospital Group . On arrival to Mass. Eye & Ear Infirmary , she was unresponsive with an oxygen saturation of 72% on 6 liters . She was placed on 50% vent mask , which improved her oxygenation to 97% . Patient was placed on BiPAP . Original ABG here before BiPAP was 7.19 , 102 , and 92 . After being placed on BiPAP , her blood pressure decreased to the 80s . She responded to 1 liter of IV fluids , normal saline and blood pressure remained stable . Patient had peripheral IV x1 placed and right femoral line placed in the Matthew . When laying flat , her sats decreased to 50% on 30% FIO2 , PEEP of 10 , and pressure support of 5 . Her ABG at the time was 7.24 , 91 , and 38 . Once the patient sat up , her sats improved and her airway was no longer obstructed . After a history on BiPAP about a half an hour , her ABG was 7.29 , 79 , and 106 on 30% pressure support of 5 and PEEP of 10 . Patient was intermittently awaking . She denied any pain and was not answering questions at the time .
The patient is a 47 year old white male with a history of emphysema who presents for admission with a diagnosis of broncho-alveolar carcinoma and is scheduled for flexible bronchoscopy , mediastinoscopy and thoracotomy with questionable pneumonectomy by Dr. An on 12-4-93 . The patient is a native of Nahuter with a 70+ pack year smoking history ( 2 1/2-3 pack per day x 35 years ) whose symptoms began last 12/92 when he had a persistent cough and fever . In six months , he was hospitalized for pneumonia x four . He has had worsening dyspnea and paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea , though denies orthopnea . No hemoptysis , no fevers , chills , sweats , when pneumonia resolved . The patient also noticed a loss of weight of approximately 25 pounds over a few months with increased fatigue and lower extremity weakness . A &quot; spot &quot; in the left lower lobe on chest X-ray was noted in October of 1993 , after his pneumonia cleared . A follow up chest computerized tomography scan led to a tissue biopsy via flexible bronchoscopy in 07/93 . Tissue returned well differentiated adenocarcinoma . The patient was told nothing could be done until he was referred to Dr. An . His appetite has been good and he has only complained of occasional sharp pain under his rib cage , right greater than left .
The patient is a 49-year-old gravida III , para II , who was sent from her primary care physician 's office secondary to lower abdominal pain . The patient is status post uterine artery embolization on 2009-01-07 secondary to fibroids . She has had continuing vaginal discharge , and was diagnosed with bacterial vaginosis one day prior to admission , and was given a prescription for Flagyl . She noted increasing abdominal pain two days prior to admission , which became more severe on the day prior to admission . She went to her primary care physician 's office on the day of admission complaining of abdominal pain , which she stated was constant but intermittently sharper at times . The location was variable . She also complained of some loose stools on the day of admission , no nausea or vomiting . Her temperature was 100.4 in the office , and she had no chills . She was sent for a CT scan of her abdomen , which revealed fluid and question of gas in the endometrial cavity , and she was sent to Pinewood , Norfolk for treatment and admission .
The patient is a 73 year old female who was transferred for cardiac catheterization after ventricular fibrillation arrest in the setting of an acute inferior myocardial infarction and a urinary tract infection .  The patient was admitted on 3-16-93 to Diy Hospital for an E. coli urinary tract infection .  The patient was readmitted on 3-20-93 because of fever , chills and a sudden onset of ventricular fibrillation arrest , successfully cardioverted back to rapid atrial fibrillation and finally to sinus rhythm , where an electrocardiogram then showed ST elevation in inferior leads .  Peak CPK was 2494 with 18% MB 's .  She required intubation for mild to moderate congestive heart failure , treated with diuretics , intravenous nitroglycerin and heparin .  She had post-infarction angina , was transferred here for angiography and possible percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty .  PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :  On physical examination , blood pressure is 130/80 , pulse 74 and regular , respirations 14 .  Her chest demonstrated bibasilar crackles .  Cardiovascular exam :  the jugular venous pressure was seven centimeters , carotid upstroke normal .  The heart exam revealed a normal Sl and S2 was normally split .  There was an S4 , no S3 , grade II/VI apical murmur in systole , no rubs .  The abdomen was benign , unremarkable .  Extremities :  no calf tenderness or peripheral edema .  Peripheral pulses were 2+ and symmetrical bilaterally .  HOSPITAL COURSE :  On 3-27-93 , patient underwent cardiac catheterization , coronary and left ventricular angiography without complications .  Review of these angiograms demonstrated a dominant right coronary artery with a focal 50% stenosis in the mid-portion .  The left main coronary artery was clear .  The left anterior descending had moderate plaques with a 50% proximal stenosis of the right anterior oblique caudal view .  The proximal diagonal D1 had a 50% stenosis .  The circumflex had a long 30% stenosis proximally and an 80% stenosis at the origin of the second major marginal artery .  The left ventricular angiogram showed akinesis of the posterobasal walls , severe hypokinesis of the diaphragmatic wall and trace mitral regurgitation .  The patient was maintained on heparin anticoagulation .  An exercise tolerance test with Thallium was to be performed in order to assess myocardial viability in the infarct zone .  The right coronary artery lesion was complex and there was severe stenosis in the obtuse marginal 1 .  The patient had no further angina .  On 4-2-93 , she underwent a Persantine Thallium study .  This showed no diagnostic electrocardiogram changes for ischemia and no angina pectoris .  The thallium images showed a large region of persistently reduced blood flow involving the apex and inferoposterior segments of the left ventricular wall .  This was consistent with scar .  There was no definite perfusion abnormality in the circumflex zone .  In view of these findings , it was elected to discharge her on her present medical program .  The patient is to return to the follow up care of Dr. Ko Kollciem at the Diy Hospital .  CHPO E. JESCOBEA , M.D.  TR :  sq / bmot  DD :  06-13-93  TD :  06/15/93  CC :  Dr. Ko Kollciem , Retchard Healthcare to Dr. Wall  **INSTITUTION NEUROSURGERY DISCHARGE SUMMARY
This is an 86 year old woman who has a history of atrial fibrillation , peripheral vascular disease , and a history of atrial emboli who was admitted on 2013-09-06 , to the Neurologic Intensive Care Unit service after collapsing at home at 8:30 p.m . She was found to have right sided weakness and was noted by her husband to have vomited . She was found comatose at home by EMS and was brought to the Emergency Department . On arrival to the Emergency Department , she was noted to have a temperature of 98.2 , blood pressure 164/110 , respiratory rate 28 , and heart rate of 74 . She was found to be responsive only to painful stimuli at this time . She was intubated for airway protection and received multiple medications prior to her initial neurologic examination . She was also noted to have a cold distal left upper extremity which was operated on and she is now status post left brachial artery embolectomy . Throughout her course on the Intensive Care Unit service , she has remained unresponsive with imaging studies consistent with a large left middle cerebral artery and posterior cerebral artery distribution cerebral infarction with mass effect and midline shift . There is evidence of bilateral occipital and cerebellar infarctions as well . Discussion with the patient 's family by the Intensive Care Unit service has resulted in focusing on her comfort care . This decision was made after an extensive discussion with her husband and family as the likelihood of significant meaningful recovery is extremely low . Based on this , she is transferred to the Neurology service for focus on comfort care .
The patient is a 32-year-old white female with history of diabetes type 1 and migraines who presented with complaints of nausea , diarrhea and vomiting for 24 hours . Patient states she was unable to take her usual insulin regimen because she was vomiting . The patient denied any fevers , chills , chest pain , shortness of breath or dysuria but does state she had her usual migraine headache the night prior to admission . The patient 's arterial blood gases in the Emergency Department were 7.19 , 22 and 109 with a bicarbonate of 9 and a fingerstick of greater than 500 . Patient was given two boluses of 15 units of regular insulin and was started on an insulin drip of one unit per hour and given a total of five liters of normal saline . Her fingersticks decreased with the insulin drip and the intravenous fluids . The patient was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit for an insulin drip and frequent blood sugar monitoring and Chem-7 monitoring . The patient did well overnight in the Medical Intensive Care Unit . Her anion gap closed and her fingersticks were less than 200 . Her NPH and a regular sliding scale were started and her drip was discontinued . The patient denied any more gastrointestinal symptoms .
The patient is a 65 year old Portuguese male with a history of an anterior myocardial infarction i May 1993 and is status post a percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty of the LAD who presented on 10-24-93 with crushing substernal chest pain and shortness of breath . He had no prior cardiac history until May 1993 when on 5-24 he had crushing chest pain which radiated to his left arm . He was found at that time to have 3-4 mm ST segment elevations in V1 through V4 at Pre Health . The patient was transferred to Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital and had 4-7 mm ST segment elevations across the precordium with Q&apos;s in V1 and V2 , 2 mm ST elevation in AVL , and 1-2 mm reciprocal ST depression in II , III , and F. On physical examination at that time he had bright red blood per rectum and therefore lysis was deferred and he was taken directly to the cardiac catheterization lab . The cardiac catheterization results at that time revealed a right atrial pressure of 7 , pulmonary artery pressure of 29/16 , RV 33/8 , pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 16 . He had a 95% proximal left anterior descending lesion which was PTCA &apos;d to a residual of 30% and an intra-aortic balloon pump was placed . He also had some mild to moderate disease at the OM1 noted at that time . The patient was transferred to the Cardiac Care Unit where he had a peak CPK of 5,042 and 26.7% MB&apos;s . His intra-aortic balloon pump was weaned without problems . He had hypotension with beta blockers and therefore they were not started . On day six , an echocardiogram showed an ejection fraction of 44% with anterior akinesis and septal hypokinesis . On day nine , he had a low level exercise tolerance test with Thallium which was positive for 2.5 mm horizontal depressions in II , III , and AVF , and 1.5 mm downsloping ST depressions in V5 and V6 , as well as some anteroseptal redistribution on Thallium . Therefore , he went to repeat cardiac catheterization which revealed that the left anterior descending site was patent and revealed a distal PDA lesion and a circumflex lesion after the OM . The patient was discharged to home and is supposed to follow up with Dr. Shuffburle of Gastroenterology for work up of his bright red blood per rectum and is supposed to follow up with Dr. Amesin of Cardiology and Dr. Shuffpasc of Dingclearf Alllirefaith Memorial Hospital . However , he did not keep any of these appointments . He went home and did not take any of his medications and smoked and drank heavily throughout the several months . On the a.m. of 10-24-93 , the patient developed crushing substernal chest pain and shortness of breath . He came to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital Emergency Ward where he was noted to be ashen and diaphoretic . He was treated with oxygen , aspirin , five sublingual nitroglycerins , heparin , and was eventually made pain free with that regimen .
This is a 79 y/o M with h/o of HTN , DM , recent CVA Theresa , chronic respiratory failure on vent , trached , ESRD on HD who was sent from rehab facility for worsening mental status . Per refferal notes , he went to hemodyalisis today in the morning . 1 L was removed . At about 2:30 pm , he was found to have worsening mental status . In that setting he was hypotensive down to the 92/45 , and was given 1 L NS . Fs was also checked 179 . At that time , it seems that he had been on T peace since 4 am today . At 2:30 he was also found with sats in the 90% . ABG done 7.1 , 89/72 - he was placed on AC 600 / 0.4 and 6 PEEP - sats up to 94% . Given persistent lethargy , patient was sent to Falkener Amanda . Of note , after interview with HCP , at around 07-23 , patient started having episodes of dizziness , and had unstable gait . he was taken to Williams ICU until 08-09 when he was discharged to Waltham/Weston Hospital Rehab . he had a peg tube and tracheostomy prior to d/c . He had been chronicallyl vent dependent . His companion states that they have been trying to wean him down at rehab . his basline mental staus apparently responds with his head shaking , and also try to write sentences . In the Amanda : VS T 103 rectal BP90/44 HR : 84 RR 16 Sats : 98 + guiac stool . He received tylenol , levofloxacin 500 mg IV , Flagyl 500 mg and Vancomycin and I L NS . ROS : difficult to obtain 2x2 to patient mental status baselin
Ms. Less is a 79 year old white female with history of non small cell lung cancer diagnosed in 02/95 . She underwent a resection for stage I in 10/95 and treated with XRT . She presented to the hospital with a numb right leg this morning and underwent an emergent embolectomy .
The patient is a **AGE[in 20s]- year-old gentleman who is status post modified multivisceral transplant for treatment of pseudo-obstruction . The patient is doing well . He was admitted now with abdominal pain , nausea , and vomiting . His workup showed a slight elevation of his amylase and lipase . An enteroscopy was performed . It showed normal stomach , duodenum , and jejunum allograft . Biopsies were taken for the jejunum allograft , and there was no rejection . The patient did improve his abdominal symptoms and tolerate diet . Decision was made to discharge the patient home with followup in clinic .
The patient is an 81 year old female , G2 , P2 , who status post total abdominal hysterectomy-bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy one years ago for a mixed mesodermal cancer who presents with vaginal apex recurrence . She had a normal pelvic examination and CT scan in February of 1993 but one month prior to this admission starting bleeding per vagina . An examination revealed an apicovaginal lesion consistent with recurrent tumor . A computerized tomography scan was performed which showed a central recurrence and biopsy of this lesion was positive . She presents now for excision of her local cancer recurrence .
The patient is an 83-year-old male with a history of diabetes mellitus , steroid-treated polymyalgia rheumatica , hypertension , benign prostatic hypertrophy , and high cholesterol who presented for a lower extremity peripheral angiography for bilateral foot ulcers , and he was found to an evaluated blood urea nitrogen , and creatinine , and potassium . The patient notes he developed worsening foot pain and ulcers four months ago . Due to his worsening blood glucose , he was started on insulin . His foot ulcers continued to develop , and the patient complained of pain in his feet ; primarily at night . The patient was referred to for Vascular consultation because of the ulcerations and pain and scheduled for a lower extremity angiography on the day of admission , but due to his renal failure the procedure was cancelled . The patient showed peaked T waves on electrocardiogram , and he was transferred to Medicine . The patient denied any oliguria , hematuria , dysuria , foamy urine , flank pain , abdominal pain , or urinary hesitancy . He has complained of fatigue , anorexia , and a 10-pound weight loss in the last four months . He gets short of breath with one flight of stairs . He denies any fevers , chills , recent infections , chest pain , orthopnea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , hematemesis , melena , or hematochezia . The patient also notes he has had hoarseness for the last two to three weeks .
The patient is a 72-year-old right-handed gentleman with a history of coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction in 1984 . Also with a history of noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus , now presenting with acute blurry vision on the left side , which is homonymous . The patient woke up as usual on May 8 , 1995 . At 8 a.m. the patient was looking at his wife with the background outside a large window . The patient had sudden onset of blurred vision , where the right side of his wife &apos;s face looked blurred . The patient did not notice change of vision in the background . The blurred vision was homonymous , which he had blurred in each eye in the left visual field . The same blurred vision was also noticed later when the patient was watching television and also when he was reading . The patient was seen at the Ochtuheihugh Put University Medical Center and then he was referred to the Purckecation Balpoingdelt Pabarnes- Campa Memorial Hospital . At 8 p.m. the patient seen at the Purckecation Balpoingdelt Pabarnes- Campa Memorial Hospital and was examined and assessed . The patient was referred to Ph University Of Medical Center for rule out transient ischemic attack and rule out stroke . The patient denies any nausea , vomiting , ataxia , motor deficits , speech deficits or sensory deficits . The patient lightly bumped his head on the top three times on the previous night and the patient had frontal headaches and a tight neck . One hour after he had physical activity on the previously night as well .
In brief , the patient is a 64 - year-old male with a significant history for coronary artery disease , status post three myocardial infarctions and also status post five vessel coronary artery bypass graft in ' 89 and status post multiple percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasties who recently had a catheterization done in Mississippi and stent placed in 2013-03-24 . The patient did well until approximately three to four weeks prior to presentation when he began to experience increased dyspnea on exertion . One week prior to presentation , he had chest pain leading to a repeat catheterization at Springfield on 07-30 which showed narrowing of the stent and an ejection fraction of approximately 20% . No intervention was done at that point . On the evening prior to admission , the patient was awoken with chest pressure radiating to the neck anginal equivalent which was relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin . This episode happened three times that night and finally on the fourth re-awakening , the patient presented to the Emergency Department at Springfield and was transferred to the Faulkner Hospital for coronary revascularization .
The patient is a 73 year old male with a recent history of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation and hypercholesterolemia who presented to the Emergency Department with the chief complaint of syncope . The patient was discharged from The Hospital for Orthopedics with the diagnosis of pulmonary embolism about six months prior to the current admission and was started on Warfarin . One month prior to this admission , the patient reports not feeling well with worsening gastric distress . A few weeks prior to admission , he fell down on his back and started taking ibuprofen 1000 mg once a day for pain and Vioxx in addition to his aspirin and Coumadin regimen . The night prior to admission , he was found by his wife on the bathroom floor in a pool of urine , unresponsive without any body movements , post-ictal state . EMS was activated , however , the patient refused to go to the hospital . A similar episode happened at 2 a.m. the same night and at 07:45 on the day of admission , the patient lost consciousness once again when he was trying to sit up . He was then transferred to The Hospital for Orthopedics . The patient reports some nausea and epigastric pressure which is post-prandial . He denies any emesis , melena , diarrhea or constipation . He describes the room spinning with attempts to sit upright . No history of previous episodes was noted . Denies incontinence . He does have diaphoresis and weakness with orthostatic changes . In the Emergency Department , stool guaiac was trace positive . Hematocrit was 24.8 , with a baseline of 46 . Gastric lavage was grossly positive for coffee ground material . His INR was found to be 4.4 . He was given Vitamin K 10 mg subcutaneously , 2.5 liters of normal saline , two units of packed red blood cells and two units of fresh frozen plasma and transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for further management .
The patient is a 60 year old diabetic who underwent an APR in 1989 for rectal carcinoma and has been doing following radiation therapy and 5FU . He recently developed fatigue and dyspnea and workup disclosed a large liver mass which was biopsied and revealed to be poorly differentiated neoplasm most consistent with metastatic rectal discontinued .
This is a 30-year-old right hand dominant gentleman who pleasant Software Engineer . In 1989 the patient was dunking a basketball and injured his right shoulder with abduction external rotation injury . He has had persistent pain over the years which has worsened in the past several months including inability to sleep .
Provided in the house staff note from the admission date . Briefly this is a Hispanic patient with history of advanced lung cancer , small cell in histology . The patient presented with almost a stridor and a large mediastinal mass with shortness of breath . He was transferred to the Oncology Service after discussions about the utility of chemotherapy .
The patient is a **AGE[in 50s]- year-old man seen for complaints of radicular right lower extremity pain which had been progressive and intractable for approximately 1 year . It had gone to the point where the patient was unable to walk and had difficulty with prolonged standing . He had undergone multimodality conservative measures including physical therapy and epidural steroid injections and obtained no relief from those treatments . Reportedly , x-rays showed L4 - L5 spondylolisthesis . MRI showed the same with some central spinal canal stenosis . The remainder of the history and physical is as written without additions or deletions . Because of the patient 's progressive and severe nature of the symptoms and the fact that he did not improve with all the usual conservative modalities , surgical intervention was offered . Following the discussion of the risks and benefits , the patient agreed to proceed . He was admitted to **INSTITUTION on **DATE[Apr 8 2007] , taken to the operating room , and following the induction of general endotracheal anesthesia , underwent L4-L5 laminectomy with decompression of the L4 nerve roots and L5 nerve roots bilaterally with instrumentation at the L4-L5 level , fusion at L4-L5 and harvesting of iliac crest bone graft . The patient tolerated the procedure well . There were no intraoperative spinal fluid leaks and was transferred to the recovery room , and then to the regular nursing floor . On the first postoperative day , the patient was afebrile with stable vital signs . Hemoglobin was 11.8 and hematocrit was 34.5 . The patient was intact neurologically . Dressing was unremarkable . Postoperative x-rays , according to the progress note , was satisfactory . The patient was sent to physical therapy for progressive ambulation . Foley catheter and postoperative drain were removed on the second postoperative day , and home care consult was obtained . Remainder of the patient 's postoperative course was unremarkable . He had no postoperative medical or neurologic sequelae . He was discharged to home on **DATE[Apr 11 2007] . He is to follow up at **INSTITUTION 's office on **DATE[Apr 23 2007] , at 1:45 p.m. He was given the usual **PLACE Orthopedic 's lumbar decompression and fusion discharge instructions .
This is a 35-year-old gentleman with HIV on HAART with last CD4 count of 268 and undetectable viral load who was referred to the emergency room via his PCP for progressive throat pain and edema . His throat pain began 2 to 3 days prior to admission , initially treated with ibuprofen , seen in an outside hospital emergency room day prior to admission where he received IV penicillin and was sent home . In clinic today , the patient desaturated to low 90 s with ambulation and also had complaints of progressive swelling " like my throat is going to close up " with increasing drooling , unable to swallow the HIV medications . Also noted to have low-grade temperature of 99 to 100 degrees with productive cough and yellow sputum times 1 day with right ear pain . No subjective shortness of breath . The patient describes whole body numbness . He currently notes improvement in his throat pain after some Decadron and clindamycin . He was seen by CMED CSRU in the emergency room and the exam was consistent with supraglottitis .
This is a **AGE[in 60s]- year-old , white female admitted with a history of progressive cough , chills , fever , and progressive dyspnea . The patient had the onset of symptoms three weeks prior to admission . The patient presented to the Emergency Department with the above symptoms . Outpatient therapy with doxycycline failed , and admission to the hospital was deemed necessary . Blood cultures wound up being positive for Streptococcus pneumoniae . Of note is that the patient had a productive cough of green-yellow sputum , chills , fever , and rigors . Temperature in the Emergency Department was 101.5 .
The patient is a 52 - year-old female with no known cardiopulmonary history who presented with a chief complaint of dyspnea on exertion as well as exertional chest tightness which was acute-on-chronic . The patient stated her symptoms began in 2011 and have increased in intensity and frequency every since then . She reports dyspnea on exertion and chest tightness daily which worsened significantly one day prior to admission . Says that she could not walk a few yards without developing symptoms . She describes the chest tightness as substernal and epigastric . She denied any associated nausea , vomiting , diaphoresis , lightheadedness , or dizziness . She does have radiation of the pain to her neck and jaw bilaterally . She also describes a fast heart rate and palpitations . She stated her symptoms improved with rest , and she denied any symptoms beginning when she was at rest . The patient reports a previous workup which included a negative exercise treadmill test , a normal MIBI in 2011-04-10 , and a normal echocardiogram in 2012 ( except some borderline mild pulmonary hypertension ) with an ejection fraction of 55% .
This is a 56 - year-old man without any significant past medical history who presented to the emergency room after the sudden onset of headache while he was riding a bicycle . He characterized this headache as the worst headache of his life and had associated nausea and vomiting times one . He also complained of dizziness at the time of headache onset . He presented to the Edith Nourse Rogers Memorial VA Hospital emergency room , where an initial head CT scan was read as negative . However , a lumbar puncture was done , in which tube 1 showed 4800 red blood cells and tube 4 showed 4000 red blood cells . The patient was sent for an MRI of the head , which raised the question of a right posterior cerebral artery aneurysm . The CT scan was revealed and , on second analysis , it was thought that it was suspicious for a subarachnoid hemorrhage in the suprasellar cistern . The patient was then admitted for further evaluation .
The patient is a 47 year old patient of Dr. Laymie Fournier and Dr. Leebjescobe in Co In Saorlirv Frea , West Virginia who was well until a bout of double pneumonia in May 1992 , at which time he was hospitalized at Centdick Naco Hospital Medical Center . He also has a history of hypertension and diabetes mellitus . He had a transient episode of headache and disorientation at that time . A CT and MRI scan corroborated multiple cerebral infarcts . He was started on aspirin . He has a family history of hypertension as well . He was also placed on Vasotec . A Holter monitor showed ventricular ectopy . A thallium stress test showed tachycardia and severe dyspnea as well as a fall in blood pressure with low level exercise . An echocardiogram showed global hypokinesis . Accordingly he was referred for further evaluation .
Ms. Swanson is a 53 yo woman with PMH significant for seizure disorder , brain injury , and ? atypical multiple sclerosis who presents with right face twitch and right arm shaking . History is obtained from her sister , William from Lawrence General Hospital , and from her primary neurologist , Dr. Brian . She lives in an assisted living , and was noted yesterday to have generalized tonic-clonic activity beginning on the right side and lasting 90 minutes . EMS gave her valium 5 mg pr at the facility and brought her to Barnstable County Hospital . She persisted with right sided seizure activity there and was given valium 10 mg and ativan 1 mg , as well as loaded with dilantin 1000 mg . She was transferred to the Providence Behavioral Health Hospital CMED . Here she was given an additional valium 5 mg x 2 and ativan 1 mg x 3 for persistent twitching in her face and right hand . Since the ativan , her facial twitching has apparently improved , but she continues to have hand twitches . She also had an EEG , which showed left sided slowing on preliminary read . Apparently she has a long history of seizure disorder , possibly from a history of traumatic brain injury ( though per Dr. Paula ,  records from that hospitalization indicate she may have only had a very mild injury ) and has been managed on dilantin and keppra . Since she has seen Dr. Ollie , she has had at least two episodes of status epilepticus and one generalized seizure , as well as some less significant seizures which are characterized by left gaze preference and left sided tonic-clonic activity . Her dilantin levels had been somewhat difficult to control . He tried adding lamictal , but this caused a rash . At the time of her last visit ( 2015-03-18 ) Dr. Bradley had discussed the addition of a third Castelluccio , possibly zonegran ( less likely topamax ), to the dilantin 200 mg bid and keppra 1500 mg bid . Her sister had wanted to keep the current course because she felt she was doing well where she was living and did not want to upset that . However , she had several dilantin levels drawn since her last visit , with 15.4 in 05 - 23.5 in Theresa , and 3.09 - 18 . Her sister reports that the medication dose had been changed to 200 mg qam and 100 mg qpm in Theresa , and a review of her Union Hospital - North Shore Medical Center records indicates that this may have occurred in an urgent care appointment secondary to slurred speech and a recent fall and a non-trough level of 15.9 . According to her sister , the patient has no short-term memory . She has been living in an assisted living facility and frequently calls her even right after she has left without remembering her visit . The patient walks with a walker at baseline and goes out for dinner and shopping with her sister . Ms. Swanson also carries a diagnosis of " atypical MS ", which she brought with her to Dr. Billie . According to Dr. Nicole , she has had stable deficits for many years without any flare-like episodes . She had an MRI in 2014 that showed multiple plaque-like lesions , but these were entirely stable since 2010 . She is not undergoing any treatment . Reportedly she has been evaluated at Shriner's Hospital for Crippled Children , HealthSouth Braintree Rehab Hospital , and possibly St. Elizabeth's Medical Center of Boston . She has not had an LP as far as Dr. Ginger knows .
The patient is a 43-year-old gravida II para II white female referred by Dr. Ca Shuff for evaluation . She was in her usual state of good health until December when she was seen emergently for treatment of a perforated colon cancer . That area was resected with no evidence of metastatic disease . She has had subsequent CEA&apos;s and scans which were negative . A tumor was noted on her vulva which was biopsied and revealed squamous cell carcinoma in situ .
This is a 60 year old male with new onset chest pain . Nuclear myocardial perfusion study was notable for a moderate fixed defect within the inferior wall and cardiac apex . His ejection fraction however appeared preserved at 73% with mild inferior wall hypokinesis . Subsequent cardiac catheterization at Nantucket Cottage Hospital Hospital on 2014-04-16 was significant for severe two vessel coronary artery disease . Angiography revealed a right dominant system with a 40% lesion in the distal left main, several tight lesions in the proximal and mid left anterior descending artery , and a 90% stenosis in the proximal circumflex . The right coronary artery had mild diffuse plaquing but no evidence of focal stenosis . Based upon the above results , he was transferred to the Mediplex Rehab Hospital for surgical revascularization .
This is an 83 y/o female with moderate AS , s/p MVR 27 years ago , s/p PPM , DM , CHF , p/w dsypnea and increased work of breathing x 4-5 days . Per family , the patient has had worsening CHF/volume overload over the last several weeks , requiring supplemental O2 at rehab . Over the last few days , she has been noted to be more short of breath and having sats to 60% on RA . Her lasix was increased to 60 mg bid . Beginning today , she was noted to be in hypoxic respiratory distress , 87-91% on 2L/NC . She was increased to 5L , with her sats going up to 97% . She was also noted to be more confused over the last few days and especially today . She was given lasix and 2 mg IV morphine at New England Sinai Hospital & Rehab Center Rehab , and sent to Nantucket Cottage Hospital for further evaluation . En route , she was given additional lasix of 60 mg IV and nitro spray x 2 . In the Deanna , her VS were Tc 97.2 , BP 146/25 , HR 70 , RR 27 , SaO2 95%/NRB . Foley was placed in Deanna . She was given 40 mg IV lasix and 325 mg ASA . She was placed on BiPAP for comfort at 30% FiO2 , 5 PEEP , 12 PS . Admitted to the CMED CSRU for further management . Per family , besides the dyspnea and SOB , the patient has had no other symptoms , including f/c/s , CP , palpitations , abd pain , n/v/diarrhea . She has had decreased appetite over the last few days in the context of increasing confusion .
Ms. Tikrhalt is an 86 year old female , previously healthy , who presents with a 3 month history of dysphagia . A subsequent workup including upper gastrointestinal series and abdominal computerized tomography scan suggested the presence of a gastric mass . Endoscopy with biopsy revealed gastric carcinoma , poorly differentiated , within the body of the stomach along the greater curvature . She was subsequently referred to Dr. Ko for a possible resection of this carcinoma . She reports a 10 pound weight loss over the past several months . She denies any abdominal pain .
The patient was a 53-year-old male with a longstanding history of renal disease with multiple complications and problems related to vascular access and hypercoagulable state . These culminated in an attempted cadaveric kidney transplant undertaken on 12/16/97 , which was complicated by thrombosis and necrosis of the cadaveric renal vein within 24 hours . This required a transplant nephrectomy .
58 yo female s/p high speed MVC . She lost contaol of her car , she hit the Barnes rails then the car stopped . Another car was coming behind her did not see her car , hit again , the person checked the car , she was not inside . +LOC , GCS:14 . She ejected . She brought by EMS to Nantucket Cottage Hospital for furher evaluation .
Mr. Villesatelkscurb is a fifty year old black gentleman with a long history of hepatitis C , believed to be contracted during transfusions in a previous trauma . The patient had recently prior to this admission , had a rise in his alpha feta protein and a biopsy of his liver had shown hepatocellular carcinoma . The patient was admitted for liver transplant workup and to await liver transplant . PAST MEDICAL and
Mr. Bruno is a 60 year old gentleman who initially presented with hematemesis , hemoptysis and on work-up was found to have a left lower lobe mass . He previously underwent bronchoscopy with washings which showed to be negative for malignant cells and showed atypical bronchial epithelial cells , likely to be reactive .
The infant is a 32 and 03-05 week male , twin A , who was admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit for management of prematurity . The infant was born to a 38 year old , gravida V , para III , woman .
This is a 56-year-old menopausal female G3 , P3 who presented initially for evaluation of a pelvic mass while recently vacationing in An Saintcafield Terland . She had a physical over there , and the evaluation included an ultrasound which showed an ovarian mass . She was seen in the emergency room here on 08/31/04 where they performed an abdominal CT that showed a 14 x 14 x 10 cm pelvic mass with multiple enlarged lymph nodes . The patient was thus sent to GYN for further workup and is now here for surgical management of pelvic mass . Her CA-125 is 9 .
This is a 58 - year-old woman who was transferred from Shaugnessy-Kaplan Rehab Hospital Hospital for cardiac catheterization . The patient had a long history of hypertension , hypercholesterolemia , tobacco abuse , and family history of coronary artery disease , who was in the usual state of health until Saturday previous to admission when she experienced bilateral arm and chest discomfort while carrying groceries . Her symptoms resolved with rest . The same symptoms occurred again the same evening with exertion and then were again relieved with rest . The patient presented to the outside hospital Emergency Room where she was started on Aspirin , Lovenox and beta blocker . She ruled out for myocardial infarction by CPK and troponin and had non diagnostic EKG changes . She is being transferred to Arbour-Fuller Hospital for cardiac catheterization . Results of the catheterization indicated the patient had three vessel disease and was a candidate for coronary artery bypass graft . The patient went to the operating room , was admitted to go to the operating room on 2013-01-04 . Her risk factors : Hypertension , tobacco abuse ( one pack per day times 45 years ), family history ( father diagnosed with coronary artery disease in his 50 's, patient 's mother had coronary artery disease , patient 's brother has coronary artery disease ). Hypercholesterolemia ( total cholesterol on admission 300 's several years ago ). The patient denies any history of diabetes .
Patient is a 49 year old previously healthy female , who was diagnosed in June , 1992 , with a breast carcinoma , after she presented with some breast discomfort on the left side . She underwent a wide resection of a left breast mass by Dr. Ausguall on 8/17/93 . Pathology of this resection revealed a Grade III / III infiltrating ductal carcinoma . She now presents for left axillary node dissection , to complete her staging . She has no complaints at the time of presentation .
Pt is a 78 yo male with h/o A fib , s/p multiple CVA s, CHF , HTN , DM2 admitted to Mediplex Rehab Hospital Robert on 02-01 with abdominal pain and n/v since that morning . Pt 's vitals on admission wer significant for T 104 , SBP 100 s, HR in the 120 s. RUQ U/s demonstrated multiple small gallstones with sludges without evidence of pericholecystic fluid or significant dilatation of the gallbladder . Surgery was consulted for concern of cholangitis with probable sepsis . Pt was admitted to the CMED CCU , intubated overnight for ERCP procedure and fluid resuscitation . The patient was placed on zosyn . Pt 's INR was eleveted as he was on home coumadin . He was given 4 units FFP in anticipation of ERCP the following day . On 02-02 ERCP demonstrated a large filling defect in the distal duct representing a stone with CBD dilatation . A biliary stent was placed after the removal of the stone . Pt was extubated the next day . He was then transferred to the medicine service .
This is a 50 year old man in his usual state of health until two weeks prior to admission when the patient developed epigastric pain after meals . The next morning , the patient felt dizzy and went to his private medical doctor at Eifro Medical Center , and was found to have elevated bilirubins , alkaline phosphatase , and transaminases . The patient reported fatigue and nausea , as well as noted coca cola colored urine . The patient has been constipated with hard stool , but no bright red blood per rectum . The patient also reported an 18 lb weight loss over the last 4-5 months .
The patient is a 54 year-old female with a history of breast cancer with known brain mets , history of PE , recent radiation therapy and steroids who presented in 2012-04-23 with myopathy presumed secondary to sterids , which have been given for her brain mets . She was later sent to rehab , but returned early in April with increased cough with exertion with fever to 101 . She was treated with Levaquin given her temperatures and differential diagnosis of increased PE burden load , infections or pneumonia and questionable lymphangitic spread of her cancer . The patient did not experience improvement in her symptoms and was readmitted on 06-11 with continued dyspnea and fevers . Review of CTA showed no PE , but there was ground glass opacities on CT , so PCP was considered highly unlikely given her recent history of steroid use . Her induced sputum was negative and BOL was done and also negative . Sputum cultures were negative . She was given Bactrim and she had improvement in the shortness of breath after her Bactrim was started and improved room air sats and was sent home on Bactrim . She then continued to do poorly and then returned on 06-19 . She presented on clinic on 06-20 with hypotension for which she was given intravenous fluids . She spiked a fever to 103 with blood pressures hypertensive into the systolic 80 s and with rigors . Chest x-ray showed a question of left lung opacity . The patient was given Vancomycin and a gram of intravenous fluids . Today , the patient was found in the bathroom and became hypoxic with saturations in the 80 s and was responsive to oxygen , but was still tachypneic without improvement and was placed on nonrebreather . Currently the patient is admitted to the Intensive Care Unit for further medical care . Currently the patient is short of breath without chest pain or dysphagia .
Patient is an 88 year old female with fatigue and decreased short term memory for the past six months .  The past six weeks , she has also been complaining of hot sensation and tingling sensation in the hands bilaterally .  For the past five weeks , the patient has experienced dragging of the right leg with weakness throughout that side .  Head CT was done which patient reported demonstrated three lesions in the left parietal region of the brain .  Bone scan , CT of the abdomen , chest X-Ray , and mammogram were all negative .  Patient noted the foot dragging to have worsened over the past few weeks but improved since on Decadron the past week before admission .  Patient is now admitted for elective left parietal stereotactic biopsy of the tumor .  PAST MEDICAL / SURGICAL HISTORY :  Significant for a history of hypertension , basal cell carcinoma of the nose six years ago , cataracts , and a hysterectomy .  ALLERGIES :  No known drug allergies .  CURRENT MEDICATIONS :  Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg q.d. and Decadron 25 mg b.i.d.  PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :  On admission demonstrated a well-developed , well-nourished female in no apparent distress dragging her right foot .  HEENT :  Head was atraumatic and normocephalic with pupils equal , round , and reactive to light .  LUNGS :  Clear to auscultation .  HEART :  Examination demonstrated a regular rate and rhythm without any murmurs noted .  ABDOMEN :  Benign with a hysterectomy scar which was well healed .  NEUROLOGICAL :  Examination showed that the patient was noted to be alert and oriented times three , short term memory was deficient , patient remembered zero out of three things to remember at one minute , speech was noted to be fluent , and cranial nerves II-XII were intact .  On motor examination , patient was noted to be of normal motor function throughout except for a slight weakness of the right dorsi flexion and plantar flexion , both noted to be about 4/5 and sensory examination was intact throughout .  Patient 's gait was noted to have a right foot drag as well as right foot drop .  HOSPITAL COURSE :  Patient was taken to the Operating Room on April 21 where patient underwent a left parietal stereotactic guided brain biopsy .  Patient tolerated the procedure well without any complications and was taken to the Recovery Room awake and stable then subsequently transferred to the floor .  Patient did well post-operatively , continued to have a right sided deficit , and Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy visited the patient , worked with the patient , and determined that patient needed rehabilitation with Physical Therapy .  The patient was evaluated by Doing and was subsequently accepted into that program .  Patient is now discharged to Harl Wa Healthcare Network on April 29 , 1994 in stable condition .  DISPOSITION :  She is to receive rehabilitation to increase her mobility and strength , rehabilitation potential is good , and she is to receive the following medications at that facility :  Decadron 3 mg p.o. q.6h. times one week then 2 mg p.o.q.6h. thereafter , Colace 100 mg b.i.d. , Heparin 5000 units subcutaneously b.i.d. until ambulating well , Hydrochlorothiazide 25mg q.d. , Dilantin 100 mg p.o. b.i.d. , Zantac 150 mg b.i.d. , and Percocet p.r.n.  Patient is to be subsequently followed up by Dr. Memory .  Pathology of the biopsy demonstrated glioblastoma multiforme , grade IIi/III .  Radiation Oncology saw the patient while in the hospital and is to follow her over at Colning .  Dictated By :  TELSHEY MEMORY , M.D.  Attending :  BESTI T. DROP , M.D. ND32 UZ561/2906  Batch :  349  Index No. WZGE1 XNHQ  D :  04/29/94  T :  04/29/94  **INSTITUTION CRITICAL CARE MEDICINE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN PROGRESS NOTE
Mr. Hohlt is a 76 - year-old man with a history of hypertension , hyperlipidemia and prior myocardial infarction with a percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty of the right coronary artery in 2005 at the Cambridge Health Alliance . He states that he has experienced pain and tightness in his back radiating into both shoulders starting on 2016-09-02 . The patient denies shortness of breath , dizziness , diaphoresis , or nausea . The pain lasted for 30 seconds following pushing a wheelbarrow and resolved with rest . The patient denied any prior episodes of pain or any since 2005 following the initial episode of pain . The patient informs his primary care provider who referred him to the emergency room . He then presented to Mass. Mental Health Center where he was ruled out for an myocardial infarction by enzymes and electrocardiograms . The patient also underwent a negative evaluation for dissecting aortic aneurysm . On 2016-09-03 , the patient began experiencing continuing chest pain of increasing intensity . He was treated with nitroglycerin paste and IV Integrelin as well as Plavix . At that time , he ruled in for an NST EMI with a peak CK of 412 and a troponin of 6.23 . Electrocardiograms progressed to inverted T waves in V5 and V6 . The patient is now transferred to Cambridge Health Alliance for cardiac catheterization .
The patient is a 49 year old man who was admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit status post cardiac arrest . History was obtained per the Emergency Department report as well as from the patient 's family . Information was very limited regarding the circumstances of his cardiac arrest . Reportedly , the patient was at a local restaurant where he was noted to be unresponsive . EMS was called and reported to arrive on scene within three minutes . The patient was asystolic but regained a perfusing rhythm after 2 mg of Epinephrine and 2 mg of Atropine . He was intubated in the field and brought to the Emergency Department . He remained unresponsive despite the administration of Narcan . CT examinations of the head , chest , abdomen and pelvis were all unremarkable . Initial chest x-ray showed a left retrocardiac opacity and prominent interstitium though his lung volumes were low . Subsequent chest x-ray showed right main stem intubation with left lung collapse which had corrected with withdrawal of the endotracheal tube . The patient was then transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for induced hypothermia given his hemodynamic stability , ongoing unresponsiveness and recent out of hospital cardiac arrest .
The patient is a 63 year-old woman transferred from Pre Health on June 19 , 1998 to the Verg Medical Center Intensive Care Unit for evaluation of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura and bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia . On May 12 , 1998 , the patient presented to Pre Health with fever , cough , dyspnea and a chest x-ray revealing a patchy infiltrate in the right lung . She was treated with Clindamycin and Erythromycin which were changed to Trovan and then transferred to A Hospital . On May 27 , 1998 , the patient desaturated to 40% with a temperature of 100.5 degrees . Her oxygen saturations improved to only 92% on 100% face mask and she was admitted to Pre Health Intensive Care Unit . Chest x-ray there revealed bilateral pulmonary infiltrates with increasing pleural effusion . A VQ scan was high probability , but no pulmonary angiogram was done and an echocardiogram revealed a normal left ventricle with no wall motion abnormality and an ejection fraction of 75% . On May 24 , 1998 , the patient had a CT scan of the chest which revealed diffuse alveolar infiltrates at the right base , mediastinal lymphadenopathy and bilateral pleural effusions . At this point , a diagnosis of lupus was considered and her ANA was 1:640 and her rheumatoid factor and ANCA were negative . She was started on a steroid trial at that point . Her pleural fluid was tapped and it was negative for malignancy . On June 11 , 1998 , the patient had a video assisted thoracoscopic study of the right lung which revealed chronic interstitial pneumonitis with a bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia-like reaction and a chest tube was placed . The patient was then started on 40 mg of Prednisone q. day . From May 27 , 1998 through June 19 , 1998 , the patient had a decline in her platelets from 394 to 28 with a stable hematocrit of 32 to 33 and a rise in creatinine from 1.0 to 3.8 . On June 19 , 1998 , she was transferred to the Verg Medical Center Medical Intensive Care Unit for evaluation of possible thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura .
Mr. Morton is a 86 yo male transferred from Kindred Park View Specialty Hospital of Springfield-Sample . He developed right foot pain the Sunday prior to admission and was seen by his Podiatrist , who diagnosed him with gout . He was given colchicine and prednisone . Mr. Morton then developed more pain and warmth to his right foot later in the week and presented to the Youville Hospital - Woody Monica . At this hospital he underwent an I&D ( 03-17 ) of a right foot infection and subsequently underwent  re-exploration ( 03-18 ) for developing necrotizing fascitis . He was transferred to Hallmark Health System for further care .
The patient is a 61 - year-old white male with a history of coronary artery disease , status post 5-vessel coronary artery bypass graft on 2009-09-11 , who presents for elective right heart catheterization and pericardiocentesis . The patient did well after his coronary artery bypass graft . On 10-14 , the patient had a transthoracic echocardiogram which revealed a new , moderate-to-large sized pericardial effusion . The patient was asymptomatic at this time , and the decision was made to monitor him and to start him on Lasix . The patient had follow-up transthoracic echocardiogram on 11-04 which revealed a slightly large effusion . A few days later , on 11-07 , the patient began to develop dyspnea on exertion with normal activity . He also noted a new two to three-pillow orthopnea and paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea . On 11-08 , he had an episode of acute shortness of breath with chest pressure which he describes as different from his typical angina with minimal exertion . The patient spoke with his cardiologist who referred him for pericardiocentesis for persistent and symptomatic pericardial effusion . On right heart catheterization , the patient was noted to have elevated right-sided and left-sided filling pressures with a pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 19 and a right atrial pressure of 16 . After 600 cc of serosanguineous pericardial fluid was removed , the patient was noted to have a pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 9 and a right atrial pressure of 2 ; indicating resolution of tamponade physiology .
This 78 year old Mexican speaking female presented to the emergency department on 2015-04-16 . Her family memebers stated that she was found at home with altered mental status and diaphoresis . She is diabetic . Mental status improved after binasal cannula oxygen applied , at which time she localized right upper quadrant pain . She developed leukocytosis and transaminasemia .
Ms. Shuffa is a 73-year-old Portuguese speaking woman who was transferred via Med Flight to Verg Medical Center . She arrived intubated and was hemodynamically stable despite concerns of a dissecting aortic arch aneurysm . She initially presented to Brottlake Medical Center on 9/15/00 complaining of acute onset dysphasia to liquids and solids . While she was in Brottlake Medical Center , she developed new onset stridor , and an ENT consult was obtained . They attempted a fiberoptic intubation with a # 6 endotracheal tube and found a 5 mm severely compressed airway . She was also found to have a differential systolic blood pressure and ecchymosis on her anterior chest . Given these findings , she underwent a CT scan which showed a retrotracheal mass that appeared to obliterate the esophagus . This raised concerns for a hemorrhage , and she was transferred to Verg Medical Center emergently . At the Ingree and Ot of Weamanshy Medical Center , she underwent an emergent CT scan with IV contrast . This revealed no extravasation of contrast and no aortic aneurysm . However , it did show an anterior mediastinal mass compressing the trachea with a density consistent with a hematoma . She was admitted to the Thoracic Surgery Service under the care of Dr. Sccrookes .
The patient is a 68 year old male status post three and a half cycles of adjuvant EAP chemotherapy . He had a good response to preoperative therapy and negative nodes , and is admitted for the final portion of his postoperative cycles . His chemotherapy the week before was decreased because the white blood count dropped to 2.8 . In the interim , the white blood count rose again to 4.2 with a hematocrit of 30.5 , platelet count of 196 thousand .
This is a 5235 - gram full-term male infant of a diabetic mother born by repeat cesarean section to a 29-year-old gravida 1 , para 2 , woman . Prenatal screens benign . Group B strep status negative . Pregnancy complicated by insulin-dependent gestational diabetes . Apgar scores were 8 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes . The infant admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit for a dextrose stick of 20 in the delivery room .
The patient is an 84 year old male , with a history of hypertension , who was discovered to have an asymptomatic 7 cm abdominal aortic aneurysm on CT scan obtained in the emergency room back in May . At that time he had presented with abdominal pain , and was found to have acute cholecystectomy . He underwent an uncomplicated laparoscopic cholecystectomy . He presents at this time for endovascular repair of this abdominal aortic aneurysm .
The patient is a 61 - year-old Caucasian-speaking woman with a history of hypercholesterolemia and tobacco use who developed waxing and waning left substernal chest pain with radiation to the left shoulder on 2011-11-17 which lasted that entire day . Upon waking on the morning of admission , she had 10/10 chest pain associated with nausea . She presented to Charlton Memorial Hospital Hospital Emergency Department with inferior ST elevations ; at which time she became acutely hypotensive to a systolic blood pressure of 70 to 80 after receiving one ublingual nitroglycerin . She then became bradycardic which responded to atropine and intravenous fluids . In addition , she was given aspirin , Plavix , heparin , and morphine . Immediately prior to transfer to Worcester State Hospital , she went into ventricular fibrillation arrest at 12:30 p.m. , at which time she was intubated and defibrillated back to sinus rhythm after five shocks . She received an amiodarone bolus of 150 mg intravenously and was continued on an amiodarone drip while CMED CSRU-flighted to Boston Regional Medical Centerr where she underwent a catheterization . The cardiac catheterization revealed a total occlusion of the proximal right coronary artery and diffuse right coronary artery disease . She received three stents to the right coronary artery which was complicated by a proximal dissection . She had good post percutaneous coronary intervention angiographic results . Incidentally , an aortogram during the catheterization revealed a Debakey class I aortic ascending aneurysm , and the patient had a pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 20 at the time of catheterization . She was transferred to the Coronary Care Unit in stable condition and still intubated .
This is a 75 year old righthanded Caucasian female who was admitted to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital because of left facial droop and hand weakness after glaucoma laser surgery . She was transferred to the Sas General Hospital for further evaluation of some weakness in the setting of multiple medical problems . The patient had o.d. glaucoma surgery , 1400 hours , on May 12th , 1992 . Soon after surgery , the patient noted her left lower face and hand were weak . She was brought to the emergency room where she was evaluated and determined to have had a cerebrovascular accident . She has absolutely no neurologic disease in past . The review of systems is negative . However , two days prior to admission , one family member noted that the patient had a transient left facial droop . A potassium three days prior to surgery was 2.8 , the level being normalized with p.o. kay ciel prior to admission .
42 year old female with h/o cholangiocarcinoma dx in 2009 s/p resection , with recent CT showing met cholangiocarcinoma in 9/2004 . Pt was recently admitted for fever due to cholangitis on 10-18 and had chemo ( CDDP and Gemcitabine ) on Monday , 10-21 . Since chemo pt has intermittent nausea adequately controlled by zofran and compazine . Pt was doing well till night of admission when she developed nausea / vomitting and sizable amount of hemoptysis and clots . Has low grade fever since chemo but otherwise ROS was neg for shaking chills , chest pain , SOB , coughing , constipation , diarrhea , tarry stools , abd pain . Pt has reported gaining 30 lbs since 08-31 due to ascites . In Monica : vitals : T 98.8 P 98 BP 136/68 R 29 Sat 98% RAPt had NG lavage which evantually cleared up , also was transfused 1U PRBC , GI consult called , also got zofran and iv protonix .
The patient is a 69-year-old male with multiple medical problems and known transfusion dependent secondary to myelodysplastic syndrome admitted with decreased hematocrit . The patient has had multiple previous admissions for cardiac and pulmonary disease . He has had chronic anemia since 1990 , but a bone marrow biopsy in 07-92 , was consistent with myelodysplastic syndrome . Over the past several months , the patient has had increasing transfusing requirements . His transfusions have been complicated by fluid overload and congestive heart failure , secondary to ischemia cardiomyopathy . His last admission was 9-14-93 , for a transfusion without complications , and prior to admission the patient reports having several days of increasing weakness , dizziness and fatigue . His wife says his hands and lips have been blue . Apparently , he had had a low hematocrit as an outpatient and was checked two weeks prior to admission but was not given transfusion because the patient did not want to come in at that time . Aside from the above , the patient had felt that baseline without fever and chills or change in chronic cough . He had no increase in his congestive heart failure symptoms , no chest pain , and no hemoptysis or changed in arthritis . The patient did report taking a po antibiotic ( Ciprofloxacin ) for right great toe infection ( question of cellulitis vs. paronychia ) .
This is a 44 - year-old male with a history of coronary artery disease , status post myocardial infarction in 9/02 , status post stent proximal and mid-RCA lesion and OM lesion . He had a Myoview on 05-04 which showed fixed inferior wall defect but no evidence of ischemia . He has been getting short of breath with exertion times one month and also has occasional chest tightness . He denies orthopnea , edema , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea , diaphoresis , claudication . He also has history of hypertension , high cholesterol and noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus . He underwent cardiac catheterization today which revealed OM , no obstructive disease , left anterior descending minimal disease , left circumflex 40% mid-stenosis . Right coronary artery 100% mid-stenosis . Echo in 9/02 showed LVF of 75% with moderate dilatation of the descending aorta . He is now preop for a coronary artery bypass graft .
Miss Siehjesc is an 85-year-old woman with a past medical history significant for Parkinson 's Disease of ten years duration , supraventricular tachycardia , and a history of colon carcinoma , who was in her usual state of health until 11:30 on the morning of admission when she felt the acute on set of 5 out of 10 right sided chest pain with radiation to her sternum but not to her neck or arms or back . It was not relieved by 2 sublingual nitroglycerins . She did state that she experienced some shortness of breath ( her usual anginal equivalent ) and believes she did experience some lightheadedness as well , but denies blacking out or falling . While the pain was initially intermittent , it became steady at about 1:00 p.m. at which time she presented to the Tecal Galecounxopt Community Hospital Emergency Room and following this experience a spontaneous remission of her right sided pain . Since that time she has experience occasional episodes of the same focal chest pain but finds that it spontaneously remits . It is made better by direct pressure to the point and she recalls no factors which worsened it . She is admitted to rule out myocardial infarction .
The patient is a 48-year-old white man who is 20 days status post orthotopic cardiac transplant who was readmitted for sternal wound infection .  He has insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and a history of a dilated cardiomyopathy .  He had progressive symptoms of congestive heart failure which led to his evaluation of his cardiac transplant in March of 1991 .  Preoperatively , he had a severely dilated left ventricle with markedly diminished function .  His post transplant course was initially complicated by hyperglycemia and seizure on postoperative day number one .  He was , however , extubted without difficulty and after that did quite well .  He had a predischarge biopsy .  He felt well at home without fevers , chills or rigors .  There were no rashes .  He had no chest pain or shortness of breath .  When he was seen on 2/3 in the Transplant Clinic , his incision was noted to be more erythematous .  He was referred to the Surgical Clinic where the wound was opened and the patient was admitted for intravenous antibiotics .  PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :  On admission revealed a middle aged man in no distress .  Blood pressure was 152/88 .  Heart rate 90 .  Respiratory rate 14 .  HEENT exam was within normal limits .  Neck was without bruits .  Lungs were clear bilaterally .  Cardiac exam showed a normal PMI , regular rate and rhythm , normal S1 , physiologically split S2 .  There was an S4 .  There were no murmurs or rubs .  Abdomen was benign .  Extremities were 2+ pedal edema to the knees .  Examination of the sternal wound showed an opened area in the mid region of the wound with serosanguineous drainage and a scant amount of thick , yellow pus .  There was no induration .  LABORATORY DATA :  On admission revealed a white blood cell count of 9.46 with 89% polys , 2% bands , 7% lymphocytes , 2% monocytes .  Cyclosporin A level on admission was 179 .  Microscopic exam showed 4+ Staph .  HOSPITAL COURSE :  The patient was admitted and pancultured .  He was treated with vancomycin and ceftazidime while awaiting wound cultures .  He had dressing changes twice a day .  Surgery was consulted and followed him while he was in house .  Cyclosporin levels were followed and his sugars were followed with a sliding scale .  During the first two days , he required 14 and 22 units of additional coverage .  However , by day three he required no additional insulin coverage .  On the day prior to discharge , his intravenous antibiotics were discontinued and he was begun on tetracycline .  DISPOSITION :  The patient was discharged home in stable condition .  MEDICATIONS :  On discharge included tetracycline , 250 mg po q.i.d. ; cyclosporin , 325 mg po b.i.d. ; prednisone , 30 mg po q day ; Bactrim DS , one po q.o.d. ; diltiazem , 30 mg po q.i.d. ; Mycostatin , 15 cc swish and swallow q.i.d. ; Lasix , 40 mg po q day ; Colace , 100 mg po q.i.d. ; Carafate , 1 gram po q.i.d. ; Imuran , 50 mg po t.i.d. ; NPH insulin , 44 units and 10 units of regular q a.m. ; NPH , 22 units and 8 units of regular q p.m.  PM296/2413 RI SEEN , M.D. MC0  D :  02/26/92  Batch :  4373  Report :  O8919E48  T :  02/27/92  Dicatated By :  SUSHA I. RHIM , M.D.  917563546 ELMVH 73397283 7646550 1/23/2003 12:00:00 AM Discharge Summary Signed DIS
The patient is a 50-year-old female with history of low back pain radiating to both legs . She had increasing symptoms overtime , not controlled by conservative management . She therefore elected to undergo surgical treatment .
The patient was a 71 year old white female with a history of carcinoid lung cancer who presented for evaluation of a tracheoesophageal fistula . The patient was initially diagnosed in 1978 with atypical small cell carcinoma of the lung and treated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy until 1980 . She did well for approximately twelve years until she was diagnosed with carcinoid cancer of the same right upper lobe . This may have been the initial primary cancer although it is unclear at present . Bronchoscopy at that time showed an endobronchial tumor of the right upper lobe bronchus and it was felt to be unresectable . She underwent four treatments of brachytherapy in March through May of 1993 . She had been doing reasonably well until December of 1993 when she presented with persistent and worsening cough and near strangulation on attempts at eating solids or drinking liquids . A bronchoscopy showed a tracheoesophageal fistula with an opening into the trachea above the carina and no tumor in the right upper lobe . She has been on total parenteral nutrition and has been nothing by mouth since then . A barium swallow prior to admission showed the presence of a tracheoesophageal fistula with entrance into the right mainstem bronchus below the carina .
Mr. Stain was transferred from the Oreiewlefell Merkane I Penaltbridgesgreat University Medical Center for progressive respiratory failure and adult respiratory distress syndrome superimposed on a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , perhaps asthma , and ulcerative colitis . His only positive result was a sputum culture for Pseudomonas and this came after he had already been on antibiotics .
The patient is a 70-year-old female with cryptogenic cirrhosis . She has a history of esophageal varices and a history of an Upper GI bleed . She has had one pervious episode of variceal bleeding with an unclear date . However she is followed by a Dr. Joasscchird at Vaila Medical Center . She was in her usual state of health until one day prior to admission when she felt increasing fatigue , nausea and vomiting productive of bright red blood and coffee ground emesis . She also had some black , tarry stool in her colostomy bag . At Vaila Medical Center , she had a hematocrit of 25 and was transfused 2 units of packed red blood cells . She had an upper endoscopy at Va Sit Namar Healthcare showing an esophagus filled with clots and small amount of bleeding varices , clot in the stomach with antral gastritis , and a normal duodenum . She was started on Pitressin , a Blakemore tube was inserted . She was transferred to the Ph University Of Medical Center Intensive Care Unit where on January 25 in the morning her hematocrit was found to be 27.4 . She was transfused another 2 units of packed red blood cells over the course of the day and her hematocrit improved to 29.4 and then 31.2 . The GI service was consulted and an upper endoscopy study showed grade III varices with no active bleeding and a clean base gastric ulcer possibly secondary to the Blakemore tube . Her varices had stigmata of recent bleeding , were banded successfully . after the procedure and 2 more units of packed red blood cells , the patient was hemodynamically stable and hematocrit was stable at 31.2 . At that time she was transferred from the Intensive Care Unit to Coden 2 for the Lemgarson Hospital service .
The patient is a 60-year-old male with a past medical history notable for coronary artery disease and CABG x2 in 2001 . The patient has felt unwell since 7/21 after his non-Q wave MI . The patient , at this time , was started on Statin and developed in arthritis approximately one month later with joint pain , myalgia and fatigue . No clear diagnosis was made . The patient was presumed to have a rheumatoid factor negative , rheumatoid arthritis and he was prescribed Naprosyn , prednisone and sulfasalazine . He had a CABG review in 2/21 . His first CABG was in 02/89 . Since 2/21 , he has had increasing weight loss of 30-49 pounds , night sweats which he attributed to the prednisone and increased fatigue and myalgias . The patient has gradually taken to bed with decreasing activity . In late 7/22 , sulfasalazine was started at one tab three times a day . The patient subsequently developed diffuse abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , and decreased p.o. intake . A guaiac positive stool was also noted in the month of July . 10 days prior to admission , the patient &apos;s primary care physician increased his sulfasalazine dose to two tabs three times a day . The patient &apos;s prednisone was increased to 60 mg q.d. as the patient was diagnosed with an arthritis flare . The prednisone dose was gradually tapered to 20 mg q.d. The day before admission , the patient developed a fever to 102 degrees and increasing abdominal pain . He presented to an outside hops where he was noted to be leukopenic with a white blood cell count of 0.6 , 0 neutrophils , a hematocrit of 32 , platelets of 326 , a MCV of 79 , and RDW of 22 . The patient was given IV fluids and treated with imipenem , transferred to Ca Valley Hospital ED , where it was noted that the patient had face and neck swelling , as well as erythema and cervical lymphadenopathy . The patient states that his swelling of his face began two days prior to admission and has doubled since then . In the emergency department , CT of head , neck and abdomen were performed . The CT of the abdomen was without lymphadenopathy , revealed a right renal cyst , otherwise unremarkable . The CT of head and neck was likewise unremarkable showing no evidence of fasciitis or deep tissue thread . No abscesses were noted .
The patient is a 25 year old who has a history of a gunshot wound many years ago and has had multiple surgical procedures since then . Most recently he was admitted to an outside hospital with a drug overdose in adult respiratory distress syndrome and ultimately found to have Candidal pericarditis which eventually led to constrictive pericarditis . He had a pericardial window . He had a barium swallow and endoscopy and was said not to have gastric or pericardial ulcer . He had previous substernal gastric bypass because of an interruption of his esophagus at the time of his gunshot wound . He had been noted to have an ulcer and ultimately when he stabilized it was our feeling that he most likely had a gastric pericardial ulcer and he was transferred here for further management . We discussed the risks with his family . It was a very high risk in very poor condition and a cachectic malnourished edematous individuals who have very high venous pressures and shortness of breath . The family understood that this was a life saving procedure and only carried with it approximately 50% chance of success .
The patient is a 63-year-old female with a three-year history of bilateral hand numbness and occasional weakness . Within the past year , these symptoms have progressively gotten worse , to encompass also her feet . She had a workup by her neurologist and an MRI revealed a C5-6 disc herniation with cord compression and a T2 signal change at that level .
The patient is a pleasant 83-year-old retired psychiatrist who presents with a chief complaint of gait difficulty for the last five to six months . The patient has a history of laryngeal cancer in 2000 and 2001 , CVA in 2001 to 2002 and hypertension , who has a six month history of progressive difficulty in ambulation . The patient was in previously good health when he reports starting to notice problems ambulating about six months ago . His partner also reports that he has been having more difficulty with ADLs . He reported that he began with difficulty buttoning his shirt for many years since after a stroke but now reports that on occasion she would ask him why he was doing certain things and he could not give a concrete example . The patient was having a hard time walking and reports that he has felt weaker . He has had uncoordination of his feet and began having a cane four to five months ago with the increasing weakness . This was especially bad when trying to arise . The patient has seen his primary care physician who referred him to physical therapy for his gait weakness but his symptoms failed to improve . He continued to progress until two weeks prior to admission when he was found in the bathtub , unsteady and fell trying to steady himself . The patient could not be moved and had to have 911 called for help . Since that time he had been ambulating with a walker and has had increasing difficulty with falls in the last two weeks . The patient was again seen by his primary care physician and a CG scan revealed a mass in the right parietal lobe . The patient was referred to the Neurology Service for further workup of the mass . The patient denied blurry vision , headache , nausea , vomiting , paresthesias , pain in mental status , confusion or seizures . The patient is status post radiation therapy and resection and reconstruction for his laryngeal cancer .
Ms. Sterpkoteneish is a 69-year-old woman , who over the past six months has noted increasing pain in her left upper quadrant radiating to the back . She described the pain as being exacerbated by eating and described an associated weight loss . She presented to her primary care physician , Dr. Tlandtaze , in Aersing Rocuch Sun , who obtained a CT scan , which demonstrated a mass in the tail of the pancreas . She was then referred to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital under the El Memorial and was seen by Dr. Blinjesc , who scheduled her for an exploratory laparoscopy .
Ms. Tlandkotesmitskote is a patient who came complaining of feeling dizzy and bumping into objects on her left side . She is a seventy-one year old female with a history of hypertension who is in otherwise good health . This morning while on a cruise ship , she was eating breakfast when she suddenly noticed she could not see a roll on her plate although she knew that it was there . She also felt dizzy and the room was spinning . While walking , she kept bumping into object on her left side . She also complained of a dull , right sided headache over the right eyebrow . Symptoms lasted about five hours and then gradually resolved except for the change in vision . She denied having any weakness , numbness , or pain . She also denies having hoarseness , difficulties in finding words , speaking , hiccups , or diplopia .
This is the second Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital admission for Taroby Patient , a 70 year old male with a history of metastatic melanoma . His melanoma was originally diagnosed last fall when he presented with lesions in the liver and spleen , and a chest CT showed left upper lobe nodules . A head CT scan was negative , but an MRI scan of the spine showed an L5 metastasis with a fracture and had with epidural and paraspinal extension . In addition , there was a T11 metastasis with cord compression . Approximately one week ago , he was admitted to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital for chemotherapy with DTIC and Tamoxifen . At that time , he also began radiation therapy to his lumbosacral spine . He is continuing on the radiation therapy to date . On February 23 , Mr. Patient presented to Dr. Patient &apos;s office with two major symptoms . First , he had right lower extremity swelling and lower extremity noninvasives confirmed the diagnosis of a femoral deep venous thrombosis . Second , he had a witnessed episode in which his eyes rolled to the back of his head and there was a question of some seizure activity . In the past , he has not been known to have a history of CNS metastases . The episode of potential seizure activity occurred in the setting of a bowel movement and may have been associated with vasovagal activity .
The patient is a 67 year old white male with a recent history of urinary frequency Q2-3H , stranguria , nocturia x 3-4 per night . He was found on physical exam to have an asymmetric prostate with prominence on the left and a question of a nodule . Repeat exam one month later showed a firm left-sided lobe . Transrectal ultrasound showed a hypoechoic left-sided mass in the peripheral zone . A biopsy showed moderately to poorly differentiated Grade III-IV adenocarcinoma on the left . The right lobe was within normal limits . This was done on 05/05/93 at FIH . He also had a 3-4 year history of impotence .
The patient is a 58 year old right hand dominant white male with a long history of hypertension , changed his medications from Aldomet to Clonidine six weeks ago . The patient has a history of adult onset diabetes mellitus , ankylosing spondylitis , status post myocardial infarction in &apos;96 ( ? ) now with acute onset of left face and arm greater than leg hemiplegia and primary hemisensory loss on the left . Briefly , he was talking to a friend at 5:30 p.m. the day prior to admission , when he had to grab his locker and sit down . His voice became slurred and he had a mild central dull headache . He was unable to move the left side of his body and felt numb on that side . He was taken to Wayskemedcalltown Talmi and transferred to Heaonboburg Linpack Grant Medical Center with a computerized tomography scan showing a 1x2 thalamic capsular hemorrhage without superficial mass effect . His blood pressure was 220/110 there . He denies any visual symptoms or cortical-type symptoms . He is a heavy smoker and drinks 2-3 shots per day at times .
This 68-year-old patient of Dr. Naka Jesc had two episodes of rheumatic fever as a teenager . She has had chronic atrial fibrillation . Coumadin has caused bleeding from the mouth and nose on two occasions , on one occasion with prothrombin time 13 , and has been replaced by anti-platelet agents . She has had recurrent syncope since age 6 . She has now had progressive heart failure . A Holter showed atrial fibrillation with period of ventricular bigemini . She cut down dramatically on smoking two years ago , but has continued to smoke , although , very recently , she admits to only &quot; two puffs &quot; per day . She has not had hypertension or diabetes , and says he has lowered her cholesterol from 333 to 197 by changing her diet . There is no family history of heart disease . She has been treated with Vanceril for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . She has had one gram per day proteinuria with normal creatinine . She had a partial gastrectomy in 1972 for a &quot; tumor &quot; . She has had an appendectomy and cholecystectomy .
Mr. Larsen was a 50-year-old salesman who in 12/26 was noted to have an elevated platelet count of 778,000 . He was found to have CML . He was admitted on 06/07/00 for a matched , unrelated donor bone marrow transplant .
Mrs. Dua is a 34 year old white female with an unclear history of hypertension for at least five years . She was in her usual state of health until around 12:40 on October 19 , when while on the phone , started to have difficulty in talking . Her speech became slurred , this was followed a few seconds after by weakness and numbness of her arm and leg . She did not complain of headache , diplopia , or any other neurological symptoms . She was seen at A Memorial Hospital where her blood pressure was measured at 240/120 and was found to have a mild left hemiparesis . She was then transferred to Ro Woodma Healthcare for further management .
The patient is a 68 year old , right handed caucasian female , former R.N. who complained of several days of vertigo , one day of double vision , dysarthria and worsening of vertigo . She was seen at the outside hospital and put on aspirin for two days . An magnetic resonance imaging study showed basilar artery disease , questionable aneurysm . The patient was transferred to the Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital . An angiogram on 11/3 was consistent with thrombosis at the mid basilar artery . The patient was put on heparin and was stable since .
The patient is a 78-year-old female who has had osteoarthritis and noted the sudden onset of left knee pain in 09/89 . Since that time , she has used a cane and she was referred to Dr. Koors . MRI demonstrated a left femoral condyle osteonecrotic defect and degenerative meniscus . She climbs stairs one at a time and denied rest pain . She can one walk without difficulties . She presented for an elective left total knee arthroplasty .
The patient is a 65-year-old male with a past medical history of diabetes mellitus , three-vessel coronary artery bypassgraft , congestive heart failure , who presents with a humeral fracture . The patient is admitted for preoperative and orthopedic evaluations . The patient presented with a comminuted fracture of the proximal left humerus when he slipped over the stairs , about to board an airplane back to Jeglas Blvd. , Jolouisrowarlihis , Alabama 86071 . The fracture was seen by Orthopedics and was reduced . During conscious sedation , the patient developed bigeminy ( the patient was sedated , did not feel chest pain or shortness of breath ) . The patient presented to Bri Health in order to be evaluated for preoperative clearance . He was reported to have had a myocardial infarction in the past ( EKG positive for ischemia , exercise tolerance test positive , cardiac catheterization positive , the patient is now status posta three-vessel coronary artery bypass graft in 1987 ) . The patient also hada history of arrhythmia , found approximately ten years ago , unknown what type . The patient was on coumadin recently , ? whether for the arrhythmia . Coumadin was reportedly discontinued approximately six months ago secondary to planned surgery for diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma . The patient did not have chest pain until approximately 1-1/2 years ago , when he began to have chest tightness ( pressure ) approximately every three months with stress . The patient has no chest pain when walking slowly and can walk approximately 1.5 miles . He can climb approximately three flights of stairs before becoming short of breath . He does become slightly short of breath when lifting furniture . On the day of admission , when he fell , the patient was experiencing no chest pain , no shortness of breath , and had no loss of consciousness , no head trauma with fall .
The patient is a 52-year-old right handed male with a many year history of bilateral shoulder pain , right greater than left . He has steroid injections in the right and in the left four times . Arthrogram in the distant past showed a right rotator cuff tear and he now has increased pain in his left shoulder . MRI by report showed bilateral rotator cuff repairs and he was admitted for repair of the left rotator cuff .
The patient has a history four years ago of being admitted to the Etearal Etsystems/ Hospital after suffering an acute anterior myocardial infarction . The course had multiple complications requiring pressors . He had a cardiac catheterization performed which revealed a three vessel coronary artery disease with an occluded RCA , 70%-80% proximal LAD , and a high grade left circumflex lesion after the OM with distal left circumflex occlusion . The patient was subsequently medically management after this hospitalization and has done very well . His most recent echocardiogram in April of 1996 showed an ejection fraction of 20% with a thin fibrotic septum with akinesis and moderately severe hypokinesis in all other regions except for the lateral wall . The patient also had an electrocardiogram in April of 1996 which was negative following , however was at a low workload . The patient &apos;s was most recently admitted to Centdick Naco Hospital Medical Center on Martin Luther King Day after becoming acutely short of breath after a five minute walk . He had no chest pain , palpitations , diaphoresis , or nausea . He called the EMT &apos;s and was found to be in pulmonary edema by chest x-ray at Centdick Naco Hospital Medical Center . He was diuresed and ruled out for myocardial infarction . His ECG showed no ischemic changes . He was then transferred to the Retelk County Medical Center for further management .
The patient is a generally healthy 85 year old female , who has had a five year history of right hip pain , worsening over the past several months . Her pain is located in the groin and thigh . It is aggravated by activity and improved by sitting or lying down . It is associated with rest pain as well . She uses a cane or walker for ambulation , and is limited to one to two blocks . She does stairs one at a time and only with help . She has difficulty with shoes and socks and foot care . The patient &apos;s pain has not been relieved by Darvocet and Advil . Radiographs demonstrate right hip osteoarthritis . Having failed conservative management , the patient presented for elective right total hip replacement .
This is a 70 year old gentleman with metastatic rectal cancer who presented with biliary obstruction . In the past , he had biliary stents placed which clotted off . The patient was admitted to the Short Stay Unit for further evaluation . The day prior , the patient had endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography done with dilated ducts times two and eventually had interventional radiology attempt to place percutaneous drains to decompress his biliary tree . The patient had two drains placed after a prolonged course and difficult procedure . After being transferred from the interventional radiology table to the stretcher , one of his lateral percutaneous drains had been pulled out inadvertently . He was admitted to the Short Stay Unit , given Ancef and Gentamicin per the team for antibiotic prophylaxis and observed overnight .
Mrs. Cast is a 50 year old white female with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and evidence of severe lobular emphysema , who has progressive shortness of breath and inability to carry on with activities of daily living without assistance . She was admitted to the hospital for a pre lung transplant evaluation . The patient has been steroid dependent for two years and has been intubated in the past only once for a surgical repair of trigeminal neuralgia . Her previous occupation was an executive secretary , home trainer / nurse , rental aide . She has no history of asbestos exposure or tuberculosis exposure .
The patient is a 42 year old with recurrent biliary colic . She has had ultrasound proven gallstones for ten years , seen on an earlier obstetric ultrasound . The patient has had no symptoms until approximately two years ago when she began having classic biliary colic pain with right upper quadrant epigastric pain radiating to midback with nausea , but without vomiting . Onset was an hour to 1 hour after meals , worse with greasy meals , lasting five minutes to two hours . Episodes have been increasing in frequency over the last few months . She has had no fevers , chills , respiratory symptoms , diarrhea , bright red blood per rectum or melena . She has not found any relieve with any over the counter medications . She has no family history of gallbladder or pancreatic disease . She has had no significant weight loss . No anorexia . An ultrasound on 1/25/00 showed six gallstones without cholecystitis . She has no history of liver disease , hepatitis . The patient is from 45 Sidewonly Blvd , Fresa Loharanleah , Maryland . Has lived in 896 Lokatspur Pkwy , Ingrich Vepobuffh , Indiana for 25 years and works as a teaching assistant in a second grade in Satlnonew Rollglend Pabridrham .
This is an 81-year-old who presented with postmenopausal spotting and had an endometrial biopsy which was read at the Etearal Etsystems/ Hospital as showing grade I adenocarcinoma . Accordingly she presents for operative therapy at this time .
The patient is a 31-year-old right-handed female with right-sided greater than left-sided weakness and difficulty walking for several days . She was in her usual state of health until 3/20/97 when she experienced the fairly sudden onset of predominantly right-sided arm and leg weakness and ataxia . She was standing and walking with her friend , who &quot; had to catch her from falling down &quot; as she toppled towards the right . She evidently recovered from the episode after a number of minutes . The following day , she remained in bed through essentially all of the day due to malaise with no specific deficits being noted . In the subsequent two days , she had several small spells of &quot; imbalance &quot; , particularly towards the right , and other symptoms included diffuse and mainly frontal headaches and mild neck soreness . There was no diplopia , visual loss , speech abnormality or sensory change in her history . She was initially evaluated at an outside hospital emergency room , and then transferred to Well General Hospital .
This is a 44 year-old right handed woman with Down &apos;s syndrome who presents with increased falling and gait unsteadiness and an increased inability to perform her activities of daily living over the past three years . The diagnosis of Alzheimer &apos;s was made in 1998 . The patient had an MRI at an outside hospital which showed enlarged lateral ventricles and the possible diagnosis of normal pressure hydrocephalus was entertained and the patient was admitted for diagnostic lumbar puncture .
This 85 year old man was admitted because of the new onset of focal left-sided seizure and unresponsiveness . He had a past history of ischemic cardiomyopathy with an ejection fraction of 10 , mild aortic stenosis and a right middle cerebral artery territory stroke in 07/94 . He was at Orlak on the day of admission and was found unresponsive with left tonic-clonic movements , greater in the arms than in the legs . He was transferred to Fairm of Ijordcompmac Hospital , where seizures were stopped with 2 mg of Ativan . He was loaded with IV Dilantin . He remained unresponsive with poor airway protection .
This is an 81 year old female with a right breast mass with a discharge . A mammogram of the right breast with shadow biopsy was negative . In the fall of 1991 , nipple changes and discomfort was again noted . A mmamogram showed no change on right , but new biopsy was positive . On the left , there was a new shawdown but the biopsy was negative . The patient presents now for right modified radical mastectomy with impant .
The patient is an 88 year-old woman undergoing treatment for a right lower extremity cellulitis who was transferred from Child for worsening cellulitis and new confusion . The patient has a history of severe aortic stenosis and was recently admitted to the Retelk County Medical Center for a Nafcillin sensitive Staphylococcus aureus cellulitis of the right leg treated with a course of Nafcillin and Levofloxacin . There was also a right leg fluid collection that was incised and drained on August 1 , 1998 . The patient was sent to rehabilitation on Levofloxacin orally . Although details were not available at the time of admission , apparently , she had done well until the 24 hours proceeding admission when the cellulitis was felt to be worsening . She had also been noted to be confused and combative during that 24 hour period . As her baseline mental status is completely alert and oriented , this caused concern amongst the staff of the rehabilitation center and the patient was transferred to the Retelk County Medical Center .
The patient is a 68 year old with acute leukemia . The patient was in her usual state of health until about three weeks prior to admission when she began to notice increased weakness and bruising . She presented to a Wood Emergency Department six days prior to admission . Platelets were 9,000 , hemoglobin 9.5 , temperature was 100.4 . The patient had a smear there consistent with ALL . The patient was transferred to Norri Hospital .
The patient is an 83-year-old female who presents for surgical evaluation for her hyperparathyroidism . This is an 83-year-old female with a history of hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy , status post mitral valve replacement in 1988 , chronic atrial fibrillation , hypertension , who presents for parathyroidectomy . In August of 1996 while the patient was at Retelk County Medical Center for replacement of her knees bilaterally , and on preoperative evaluation she was noted to have a high calcium and therefore the surgery was canceled . Further testing revealed hyperparathyroidism as evidenced by an elevated PTH . The patient reports no masses in her neck . She has noticed some generalized hoarseness in her voice for the past 5-6 months . In addition , she has some dysphagia , particularly has had some difficulties with swallowing . She has been seen by Dr. Tokbelb , her primary care physician in Itgreenredan Hospital , and also Dr. Kotefyfechird , her cardiologist , and also an endocrinologist at Retelk County Medical Center .
Ms. Breunlinke is a 69 year-old right handed woman , status post surgical correction of a C-1 to C-2 dural AVM in January , 1998 , now presenting with a one month history of increasing left sided weakness and pain with spasticity , occasional difficulty swallowing and abdominal pain . She was originally admitted to the Verg Medical Center in January , 1998 , because of a one year history of left sided weakness and spasticity . She was found to have intermedullary lesion at C1-2 level which on biopsy showed abnormal vasculature , hemosiderin deposit , leading in turn to the discovery of a dural arteriovenous malformation at that level which was surgically corrected . The postoperative period was complicated by transient swallowing difficulty , increasing left sided weakness and urinary retention . She was discharged to inpatient rehabilitation where she made significant progress toward recovery . As of the beginning of September , 1999 , she was able to swallow without difficulty , urinate without difficulty ( although bowel movements have been problematic ) . Functionally , she was at the level of pre-gait training and able to stand and take several steps with upper body support . Over the past 4-5 weeks her functional level has progressively deteriorated . She is now unable to stand and needs assistance to sit up . Her left arm has developed a flexure contraction and she reports intermitttent pain in the left arm and leg which occurs both spontaneously and is also triggered by contact . She has developed some new swallowing difficulty and since her transfer to a long term inpatient care facility , she has lost ten pounds . She denies dysuria or excessive urinary frequency . Over the past several weeks she has also developed severe intermittent abdominal pain , localized to the suprapubic area , left greater than right , occurring intermittently . The patient feels this is secondary to her hemorrhoids , although it does not clearly localize to the rectum . This pain often follows bowel movement but does occur spontaneously .
Mr. Breutzfarstxei is a 30 year old man with recently diagnosed acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia who presented with pneumonia , developed adult respiratory distress syndrome , and died in the hospital after failed efforts of ventilatory support . Mr. Breutzfarstxei was recently diagnosed with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome when he had Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia on 01/17/91 . He was admitted to the Retelk County Medical Center at that time and was treated with Bactrim and steroids . He was actually intubated and underwent bronchoscopy where the diagnosis was made with a positive toluidine blue study . He initially did well after extubation and completed approximately two weeks of Bactrim and a steroid taper . At discharge after about two weeks post-extubation , he had an O2 saturation of approximately 95% on room air . He was seen by Dr. Seen and Dr. Seen as an out-patient . On 02/06/91 , he was seen in FLFDMC and at that point , his temperature was noted to be 101.4 and he had malaise and diarrhea . He was evaluated in the Emergency Room . At that time , his oxygen saturation was only 90% on room air and his chest X-Ray showed no change . Cultures were taken and he was sent out . On 02/08/91 , the patient called Dr. Seen because of increased shortness of breath and malaise . He was seen in FLFDMC where he was noted to have jaundice and newly palpable liver edge . Review of liver function tests revealed a cholestatic picture which was not previously found and it was felt that this was secondary to the Bactrim which had been recently stopped anyway . His oxygen saturation at that time was only 86% on room air and he was admitted .
The patient is a 71-year-old police chief who presents with painless jaundice x1 day . The patient was generally in excellent health with a past medical history significant only for noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus who was presented with painless jaundice x2 days . He also noted a 23 pound weight loss in the past 11 months despite having an increased appetite . The patient also complained of fatigue and &quot; feeling down &quot; . His wife noted personality changes with increased irritability . Patient denies night sweats in the past month . The patient denies melena , hematochezia , nausea , and abdominal pain . The patient states that he is occasionally constipated . Also denies tenesmus . On the day prior to admission , the patient &apos;s family noted that &quot; he looked yellow &quot; and presented to the Lorough Medical Center &apos;s Emergency Department this after noon .
This is a 61 year old male with a history of diabetes , coronary artery disease , hepatitis C , and asthma who was diagnosed recently with pancreatic cancer after he presented to Seph&apos;sju Memorial after a motor vehicle accident . Chest CT revealed a pulmonary nodule . Abdominal CT revealed a 3.0 to 4.0 centimeter lesion in the pancreatic head . An ERCP performed there showed a long segment of distal narrowing of the common bileduct and a transhepatic biliary drain was placed there on December 29 . On January 1 , a chest tube was placed for a loculated pleural effusion . On January 2 , pleurodesis was performed . On January 4 , he had a desaturation . VQ was indeterminate . LENIs were negative at that time . On January 5 , he had a chest xray with a left apicalpneumothorax but was stable on chest xray of January 7 . Brain CT was negative , as was a bronchoscopy with lavage . His CA99 was normal .
The patient is a 51 year-old female , with a non-toxic multinodular goiter . She has developed symptoms from a right lower dominant nodule with pressure discomfort in the neck . She has no dyspnea or dysphagia . She is euthyroid . There is no family history of thyroid cancer . She has not received prior radiation exposure .
The patient is a 42 year old gentleman who suffered lower back pain during an accident at work in 1990 . This gradually increased until June 1992 where he had recurrent severe right sided sciatica . In September 1992 CT myelogram showed a lateral L-1 S-1 disc bulge and small L-4-4 bulge . He has had no change in pain in the last few months .
This is a 76 year old white male with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who has had several recent admissions to Oaksgekesser/ Memorial Hospital for respiratory insuffiencey most often secondary to pneumonia . He was most recently discharged from Oaksgekesser/ Memorial Hospital on 03/06/99 and was then transferred to Linghs County Medical Center from which he was discharged on 03/20/99 . The patient was doing relatively at home until one day prior to admission he complained discomfort over a suprapubic catheter area . The patient had missed his usual monthly change of his suprapubic catheter and felt discomfort and noticed some blood at the site of the catheter . The patient was brought to the Emergency Room one day prior to admission where he was evaluated by Urology and had his catheter changed . The patient at that time noted slight shortness of breath but was sent home anyway . On the day of admission the patient noticed increasing shortness of breath . The patient was noted to be confused and to be disoriented toward the end of the day after complaining of shortness of breath for most of the day . The patient denies any recent upper respiratory infections , no fevers , no chills , no change in cough , sputum . He also denies any chest pain . No orthopnea . No paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea . The patient had been taking his usual medications and using his nasal oxygen at home . By the time the patient arrived at the Oaksgekesser/ Memorial Hospital Emergency Room he was in moderate respiratory distress . His initial blood gases on 40% 02 was P02 102 , PC02 115 , PH 7.11 . The patient was given respiratory therapy in the way of nebulizer treatments in the Oaksgekesser/ Memorial Hospital Emergency Room because of a longstanding desire by patient and family to refrain from intubation to be considered Do Not Resuscitate . The patient was not intubated . However he was transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit where he received continuous respiratory therapy in theway of Albuterol nebulizers as well as nasal oxygen , intravenous steroids and intravenous antibiotics . A chest x-ray in the Oaksgekesser/ Memorial Hospital Emergency Room showed new changes on his chest x-ray on top of his usual severe bilateral emphysema_____ with scarring in both lungs . There were new air space opacifications in the left apex and the right lower lobe . These were thought to be consistent either with pneumonia or asymmetric pulmonary edema .
The patient is a 58 year old female with a history of Parkinson &apos;s disease for more than twenty years who presented to the Gemenadentoolpai Medical Center with a revolving anterolateral wall myocardial infarction on 08-01-93 . She has been under the care of Dr. Aalv Manual and was referred here for further therapy . She had no prior significant cardiac history and presented to her local medical doctor &apos;s office with an episode of severe retrosternal chest pain . Her electrocardiogram showed a new right bundle branch block and left anterior hemiblock . The patient was transferred to the Gemenadentoolpai Medical Center and was admitted . Her hospital course was remarkable for ruling in for a myocardial infarction with a peak CPK of 9,379 units with a 5.9% MB fraction . In addition , on telemetry she developed complete heart block and hypotension requiring temporary pacing wire and then a permanent pacemaker implantation on 08-03-93 . She developed congestive heart failure and required pressor support . She underwent cardiac catheterization on 8-15-93 and was found to have a left ventricular end diastolic pressure of 28 millimeters of mercury . She had a dominant right coronary artery with minor disease . The main left coronary artery had a 20% stenosis . The left anterior descending had a severe 80% proximal stenosis with a filling defect consistent with intraluminal thrombus . The circumflex artery had a minor 40% stenosis . Cine left ventriculogram revealed a dilated left ventricle with an area of anterolateral , apical , and septal akinesis . The left ventricular ejection fraction was estimated to 38% . The patient was transferred to the Heaonboburg Linpack Grant Medical Center for consideration of coronary angioplasty .
This is a 59-year-old white male . The patient has had multiple myeloma since 1990 . He underwent an autologous bone marrow transplant in 10/92 at Petersly Hospital And Medical Center . At that time he received total body irradiation of 1400 cGy . This bone marrow transplant did not produce remission and then he was treated with three cycles of VAD subsequently . In 08/94 , the patient developed lower back pain . A workup done in DE is not available at the time of this dictation . According to her scanty records , an MRI of the spine showed diffuse spinal column involvement with lesions in T4 and T8 with no cord compression at that time . He was then treated with radiation therapy from T3 to T9 receiving 2500 cGy from 08/94 to 09/94 . He has been on Decadron since 08/94 . About two weeks prior to admission the patient developed mid back pain , burning in nature with radiation around the right lower ribs . He also began to develop noticeably increasing bilateral lower extremity weakness and possibly numbness in the lower extremities . He stated that he had difficulty rising from a chair . An MRI without gadolinium done on 11/20/94 of the spine showed a right posterior lateral epidural mass extending from T9 to T12 . There was evidence of cord compression . The patient &apos;s Decadron dose was increased to 12 mg q day and he was also started on MS Contin and radiation therapy was being planned and arranged at the Petersly Hospital And Medical Center . However , one day prior to admission the patient developed right lower extremity pain and could not walk secondary to the pain . Over the next 12 hours while in transit to the hospital , the patient &apos;s right lower extremity became red , swollen , and increasingly painful . He has had chronic bilateral lower extremity swelling since his transplant but the right lower extremity swelling was noticeably increased . He also complained of some fecal incontinence the day prior to admission without urinary incontinence . At the time of presentation the patient denied headache , arm weakness , changes in vision , dysarthria , abdominal pain , nausea or vomiting , chest pain or shortness of breath . He was taken to Huyychestleme Health Of in Scoo , Utah where he had a temperature of 99.9 , blood pressure 90/50 , heart rate 128 , and O2 sat of 91% on room air . Blood cultures , urine culture , and UA were all done . Blood cultures drawn on admission subsequently grew Pseudomonas aeruginosa . He was treated with Ceftazidime , gentamicin , and Vancomycin and also was started on a Dopamine drip for treatment of his sepsis . A Swan was placed and initial readings were CVP of 6 , wedge pressure of 10 to 12 , cardiac index of 4.7 , and SVR of 438 all consistent with a Pseudomonas sepsis picture . He was given stress steroids and was subsequently transferred to Lorough Medical Center &apos;s Intensive Care Unit for further management .
The patient is a 38-year-old gentleman , Spanish-speaking , from the Taheimpromong , with no significant past medical history , who presents with shortness of breath x 2 months as well as a dry cough x 1 month . The patient was in his usual state of health until two months prior to admission when he began to notice shortness of breath on climbing flights of stairs . He stated that this became worse over the last month until he was noted to be short of breath at rest . He also states that he has had a dry and nonproductive cough for one month . He denied any fevers , chills , or night sweats . No nausea , vomiting , or diarrhea . He did note some weight loss over the past several months , though the amount was unknown . He denied any contact with TB positive patients . He describes a negative PPD one year prior to admission when he was in prison for one week . He did travel to the Taheimpromong , last in 01/2004 for three weeks . He did note multiple female sexual partners , although described using condoms except with his wife . He denies any IV drug use , did describe cocaine use last two months ago . He did drink alcohol three drinks per day , no withdrawal symptoms . In emergency room , he was noted to be afebrile with stable vital signs , was treated with IV fluids , azithromycin , and cefuroxime .
The patient was in her usual state of excellent health until July of 1991 when she first noted a left clavicular mass . Subsequently , the mass continued to increase in size . On 12/23 , she was seen by Dr. Stonge at Bri Health where a 3 x 7 cm left mid clavicular mass was noted . A fine needle aspirate of this mass reportedly revealed giant cell tumor . The patient was initially told that this was a benign tumor and that it could simply be watched and definitively treated after the delivery of her baby . Subsequently , the mass progressively increased in size and the patient had developed significant discomfort in this region . On 1/5 , the patient underwent a local tumor debulking at Bri Health under local anesthesia . The pathology , unfortunately , revealed an aggressive adenocarcinoma ( micropapillary type ; mucin producing ) . This prompted further staging work-up . The patient subsequently had a limited chest CT at Bri Health which showed diffuse bilateral pulmonary metastases , metastases to the sternum , rib , multiple spinal levels ; internal mammary lymphadenopathy . The poor prognosis for the patient and child were discussed and after the patient decided to have an elective abortion , an abdominal CT scan was obtained which revealed diffuse metastatic lesions of the liverspine , ribs and most of the lymph nodes . There was no obvious GIor pancreatic tumor identified . The patient had a very firm nodule at the vertex of her calvarium . A specimen was obtained by fine needle aspiration and the pathology of this was consistent with adenocarcinoma . The patient was transferred to Nimaconwood Valley Hospital for management of her cancer and termination of the pregnancy . Over the past four weeks , the patient reported progressive shortness of breath and mid thoracic back pain . She has had no motor weakness , abnormal sensation , numbness , tingling or incontinence of bowel or bladder . She denied fevers , chills or sweats . There has been no GI or GU symptoms except for constipation .
The patient is a 30 -year-old Gravida III , Para II who presented desiring definitive surgical sterilization . She was extensively counseled regarding other methods of birth control and desired to proceed with definitive surgical therapy . In addition , the patient desired liposuction of varying areas as well . The patient was consented for both procedures and brought to the Operating Room .
Mr. Prehekote is an 88-year-old Portuguese speaking only male who was diagnosed with adenocarcinoma of the prostate in 1998 . He received transurethral resection of the prostate one year ago because of persistent urinary retention . After that , he was on Lupron and Nilandron hormone therapy . The patient was admitted on February 23 , 1999 to Eifro Medical Center because of failure to thrive and decreased hematocrit . He was noted to have elevated BUN and creatinine . BUN was 34 and creatinine was 2.6 , up from his baseline of 1.0 . Prostate specific antigen increased from 77.9 to 88 , and the patient also had urinary incontinence and body weight loss . Further evaluation of his renal failure showed that the patient has bilateral hydronephrosis , most likely obstructive uropathy due to prostate CA in the pelvic area . Because of the increasing creatinine to 8.0 on February 28 , 1999 , a left nephrostomy tube was placed . However after the procedure , the patient &apos;s hematocrit dropped to 24 and he was transfused two units of packed red blood cells . His hematocrit increased to about 30 , but he continued to have hematuria and his renal function only improved very slowly . He also received Kayexalate for hyperkalemia . Due to the persistent blood in the urine , he was transferred from Eifro Medical Center to the Retelk County Medical Center for angiographic studies to rule out any vascular injuries . The patient was transferred to Genearocktemp Ry Health on March 3 , 1999 .
The patient is a 74-year-old woman , well known to the cardiac surgery service , readmitted from Glasmif/putdi Health Network with sternal wound infection . She has been previously hospitalized on 12 April 1998 for the same diagnosis . She is now coming for surgical treatment , wound debridement , and possible wound closure with bilateral pectoralis flap . She underwent coronary artery bypass graft times two with saphenous vein graft on 29 March 1998 . Of note , the patient is status post lymphoma with treatment of chemotherapy and radiation six years ago , and is an insulin-dependent diabetic .
This patient is an seventy eight year old female with history of peripheral vascular disease who is status post above knee to fem pop bypass graft with 6 millimeter PTFE . This operation was performed for two months of increased rest pain . Her pain resolved after surgery and she has been doing well since , although at baseline now she is minimally ambulatory from bed to commode . For the past couple of months the patient has had a non-healing right dorsal foot ulcer which has been increasing in size and started as a pin hole and she does not recollect any trauma , as similar small ulcers developed on the left foot as well around the same time , but that has subsequently healed . The ulcer was managed conservatively at Har Hospital by Dr. Holes with Silvadene b.i.d. lower extremity non-invasive study obtained at that time showed poor distal right extremity perfusion . The patient was referred back to Dr. Pop for the possibility of a revascularization procedure . She is status post angiography today . She has just finished a ten day course of Ciprofloxacin . She denies any fevers or chills . She does have rest pain in the right foot and ankle .
Ms. Lenkpruskihkooglekih is a 63-year-old lady with a history of frequent premature ventricular contractions and infrequent short runs of non-sustained ventricular tachycardia ( one four-beat run ) in 1991 , for which several antiarrhythmic agents including Propranolol , Quinidine , Procainamide , Tenormin , Norpace , Corgard , and Flecainide were used , but were stopped because of intolerance .  At that time , she had clear coronary arteries on coronary angiography and an ejection fraction greater than 50% .  She did well off antiarrhythmic agents until October of this year when she was noted to have atrial fibrillation with a rapid ventricular rate after several days of decreased exercise tolerance .  She was started on Coumadin and had a failed attempt at DC electrical cardioversion on 11/16/96 .  She has been on Coumadin since and has continued to have occasional palpitations and mild shortness of breath .  PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :  Includes a history of hypertension ; multinodular goiter ; subtotal thyroidectomy .  MEDICATIONS :  Include Cardizem CD 180 mg daily ; Monopril 10 mg daily ; Digoxin .25 mg daily ; and Lasix 40 mg every other day .  ALLERGIES :  To Quinidine , Procardia , and sulfa antibiotics .  PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :  On examination , blood pressure was 200/100 ; heart rate 120 per minute ( atrial fibrillation ) .  The patient was noted to be anxious .  There was no neck vein distension or carotid bruits .  Heart sounds were normal .  The lungs were clear .  The abdominal examination was benign .  There was no peripheral edema .  Pulses were all easily palpable .  LABORATORY DATA :  A 12-lead electrocardiogram showed atrial fibrillation with a QT interval of .46 seconds .  There were diffuse ST segment and T-wave abnormalities , which were nonspecific .  A complete blood count , electrolytes , BUN and creatinine were within normal limits .  INR was elevated at 2.5 .  An echocardiogram was performed , which showed completely normal left ventricular systolic function with an ejection fraction calculated at .74 .  There was no evidence of left ventricular hypertrophy or asymmetric septal hypertrophy , which had been an issue that had been raised on an echocardiogram in Ownra Cin , New Mexico on 12/06/96 .  HOSPITAL COURSE AND TREATMENT :  The patient was started on Propafenone 300 mg three times a day and underwent an attempt at electrical cardioversion after seven doses of this .  This failed , despite one shock at 300 joules and two shocks at 360 joules .  The Propafenone was stopped , and the patient was changed to Amiodarone 400 mg t.i.d. , which was continued for two days .  The patient was discharged to home on Amiodarone 200 mg daily on 12/29/96 .  An electrocardiogram showed no evidence of QT prolongation prior to discharge , and pulmonary function tests will be performed before the patient goes home today .  The patient will follow up with Dr. Ther Ludzjesc at Shiekeu Hospital Medical Centers in Connecticut .  In addition , she will return to this hospital in early February for repeat attempt at electrical cardioversion on Amiodarone .  She will continue her Coumadin until then and arrangements for her readmission can be made through Dr. Iceca Rhaltkaaispehbreun 's office here .  MEDICATIONS :  Other than the addition of Amiodarone 200 mg daily , will be the same as her admission medications .  STA BODEJOVE , M.D.  DICTATING FOR :  ICECA RHALTKAAISPEHBREUN , M.D.  cc :  Dr. Ther Ludzjesc Director , Section of Cardiology Shiekeu Hospital Medical Centers NC  TR :  sip  DD :  12/29/96  TD :  12/29/96 10:03 A  cc :  ICECA RHALTKAAISPEHBREUN , M.D.  979440029 RWH 2027705 618070 3030191 06/11/2005 12:00:00 AM ED Discharge Summary Unsigned DIS
The patient is an 84-year-old woman with a history of diverticulitis who was found to have colon cancer on colonoscopy , which was performed in March of 2004 . An invasive moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma was noted in the transverse colon at 80 cm . The patient reports a history of bloating and flatulence as well as increased fatigue . She has also had some discomfort in her left lower abdomen and notes diarrhea every 4-5 days . She says that her appetite is good and has noted no weight loss .
1. Afib with RVR . The patient was seen by Cardiology . She did complain of chest pain of 3/10 which was considered consistent with her usual stable angina . Nitroglycerin did relieve her pain . An EKG was checked which showed normal sinus rhythm without any pertinent injury . She was maintained on her amiodarone , Coumadin , and her beta blocker . She continued to remain rate controlled throughout her hospital stay . 2. Sepsis . The patient was thought to have hypotension likely secondary to sepsis . She was initiated on the sepsis protocol . A CT was performed on **DATE[May 07 07] which showed a fluid collection in the pelvis which appeared benign and nontender . Blood cultures were obtained . She did need some vasopressor support . However , this was quickly weaned off . In addition , she was started on Flagyl , vancomycin , and cefepime empirically . A blood culture came back positive for B. cereus . However , this is only on one set . This was on the day of **DATE[May 09 07] . In addition , she also grew out pregnated staph on blood cultures on **DATE[May 10] . She was treated with vancomycin and cefepime until **DATE[May 22 06] . Repeat blood cultures were negative . 3. Adrenal insufficiency . The patient has a history of adrenal insufficiency and was on hydrocortisone 20 mg in the morning and 40 mg in the evening . Initially on her admission , she was given stress-dose steroids through an IV . This was subsequently tapered . She was changed to hydrocortisone 12.5 p.o. q. 8 hours and developed hypotension as a result . She was then again placed on high-dose steroids and tapered down . Her review of the chart revealed that she had been on hydrocortisone 20 in the morning and 40 in the evening , and this was restarted . The patient did not have any problems with blood pressure after this . 4. End-stage renal disease . The patient underwent hemodialysis throughout her hospital stay . She had a tunnel dialysis catheter that was placed during her hospital stay by Interventional Radiology . She is tolerating fluid removal and subsequent hypotension , however , the patient did tolerate approximately 4 runs of hemodialysis without a problem prior to discharge . 5. Abdominal pain . The patient was found to likely have an ileus . She also had an abdominal CT which noted a left hematoma in the nephrectomy bed . However , this was not a surgical issue . She was noted to have flatus and her diet was advanced as tolerated and she had no issues .
This is a **AGE[in 70s]- year - old male followed by Dr. **NAME[ZZZ] in our office with multiple medical problems as above , who was referred to the emergency department at **INSTITUTION . He had been having intermittent symptoms of chest and abdominal pain over the preceding two weeks . Initially he presented to **INSTITUTION with concern for possible acute coronary syndrome . He was thought to have musculoskeletal pain and discharged with Darvocet . Subsequent presentation at **INSTITUTION Emergency Department with colicky abdominal pain , thought to be related to cholelithiasis , and again discharged . Dr. **NAME[ZZZ] obtained a CT scan of the chest and abdomen on **DATE[Jan 29 2008] , which did reveal a type B aortic dissection extending to the level of the celiac axis , with mesenteric and renal arteries patent .
The patient is a **AGE[in 50s]- year - old female who initially presented to the Emergency Department at **INSTITUTION after a diagnosis of non - Q wave MI on **DATE[Dec 17 2007] . The patient had anterolateral T - wave abnormalities on EKG with a positive troponin of 0.4 . The patient was admitted to the Cardiology Service for further evaluation .
The patient is a **AGE[in 50s]- year - old female who initially presented to the Emergency Department at **INSTITUTION after a diagnosis of non - Q wave MI on **DATE[Dec 17 2007] . The patient had anterolateral T - wave abnormalities on EKG with a positive troponin of 0.4 . The patient was admitted to the Cardiology Service for further evaluation .
The patient is a previously healthy **AGE[in 40s]- year - old man who presents as a transfer from **INSTITUTION with a 1 - month history of left fem papule and left axillary lymphadenitis in late **DATE[Oct 2007] . The patient noticed a scratch in the dorsum of his left thumb that over several days became pruritic , erythematous , and indurated . Approximately , 1 week later the patient noticed a tender mass in his left axilla and contacted his PCP on **DATE[Nov 10 2007] . His PCP placed him on an unknown antibiotic to be taken 4 times a day . After finishing the course , the patient had no improvement , returned to his PCP who put him on a different antibiotic ( also unknown ) to be taken once per day . The patient developed weakness , fever , arthralgias , and myalgias and presented to **INSTITUTION on **DATE[Nov 17 2006] . At **INSTITUTION , the patient was began on numerous antibiotics including cefazolin on **DATE[Nov 17 2007] , doxycycline and moxifloxacin on **DATE[Nov 21 2007] , azithromycin was started on **DATE[Nov 22 2007] , and vancomycin on **DATE[Nov 23 2007] . The patient was then transferred to **INSTITUTION on **DATE[Nov 23 2007] , for further evaluation . The patient has also complained of a dry cough that has been present since mid-December 2006 .
This is a **AGE[in 60s]- year - old female with a history of hypertension and diabetes mellitus who was admitted because of the black discoloration of her left first and second toes with redness of surrounding tissues and increasing pain .
The patient is a **AGE[in 20s] year old right handed white female with history of polysubstance drug abuse who was found unresponsive after last having been seen 18 hours earlier . She was admitted to **INSTITUTION in **PLACE , PA with severe rhabdomyolysis which led to acute tubular necrosis and renal failure which itself required several dialysis sessions . Her renal failure began to improve and her last dialysis session occurred six days prior to her admission to **INSTITUTION . In the hospital she was found to have right sided weakness and bilateral lower extremity weakness of uncertain etiology . The patient was transferred to **INSTITUTION Harmarville on **DATE[Apr 16 2007] with BUN and creatinine the following day of 35 and 5.6 . She was maintained on Bumex , but developed shortness of breath and was transferred to **STREET-ADDRESS **INSTITUTION early on the morning of **DATE[Apr 19 2007] . In the Emergency Department she was given Lasix with success and diuresed a good amount of fluid . Potassium at the time of admission was low and she required vigorous potassium replacement . She was therefore admitted to the hospital for acute care . Initially she was admitted to 3-B , but had to be transferred to the stepdown unit because her pulmonary status showed substantial deterioration . She was breathing rapidly and working to breath . In addition she showed evidence for anasarca . Although she had a good response to diuretic therapy it was felt that she would require one more dialysis session to try to pull off fluid from the lungs and allow her to breath more comfortably . This was accomplished on the first hospital day . The patient began to feel more comfortable by the second day . Her BNP was elevated at 920 . Creatinine showed substantial improvement all the way through her hospitalization and at the time of discharge her BUN and creatinine had practically normalized with a BUN of 25 and a creatinine of 1.3 . During this hospitalization she was seen in consultation by Cardiology who did not feel that the patient had intrinsic heart disease despite the elevated BNP . The patient underwent an echocardiogram which showed normal left ventricular size and function with an LVEF of 25% . There was slightly thickened mitral valve leaflets and mild regurgitation , a normal aortic valve , normal right ventricular size and function and no pericardial effusion . Venous Doppler studies were negative for any evidence to suggest deep vein thrombosis of the lower extremities . During hospitalization the patient showed evidence of labile hypertension . This was especially associated with anxiety in anticipation of procedures . On the last hospital day the patient underwent successful left lumbar sympathetic block under fluoroscopy by Pain Management and yet at the time of the preprocedure period her blood pressure was elevated at 154/118 . The nephrologist recommended use of Clonidine 0.5 mg b.i.d. and 0.1 mg q 2 hours p.r.n. The patient afterward however responded quite nicely and her blood pressure dropped to 104/80 . Clearly her hypertension was labile and anxiety related . I do not believe that she requires the standard routine daily antihypertensive medication at this time . As mentioned earlier , the patient 's creatinine improved nicely and at the time of discharge was 1.3 . She did have anasarca at the time of admission , but the use of Lasix and the single dialysis session that she had early during hospitalization helped mobilize that fluid . It also helped of course to clear her lungs . The patient was seen in consultation by Dr **NAME[PPP] from psychiatry . During hospitalization her dialysis catheter was removed by Dr **NAME[SSS] . At the time of discharge the patient is doing quite well . Her dialysis catheter has been removed . She has had a procedure for left lumbar sympathetic block under fluoroscopy . Blood pressure will need to be followed because of variability , but she is breathing quite comfortably . Her lungs are clear and she is doing well . Unfortunately the patient is impulsive and therapeutically non-compliant . There are times during this hospitalization when she left the floor against medical advice in order to smoke cigarettes . She showed no interest in changing her overall approach to life in terms of polysubstance drug abuse . She is being returned to **INSTITUTION Harmarville for rehabilitation training given her lower extremity weakness and pain . ___________________ **NAME[ZZZ YYY] , M.D.
The patient is an **AGE[in 80s]- year - old male with a known history of COPD and coronary artery disease , who presented to an outside hospital with symptoms weakness , production of white sputum , chills without documented fever , general anorexia , dyspnea , and increasing oxygen requirement over his baseline of 2 L diagnosed by x-ray with pneumonia and transferred to **INSTITUTION for further management . The patient was believed to have a remote history of MRSA which was never confirmed by our review of his records dating back at least 2 years .
Mrs. **NAME[BBB AAA] is a **AGE[in 70s]- year - old woman with a past medical history significant for end - stage renal disease on hemodialysis Monday / Wednesday / Friday , hypertension , CHF , pulmonary edema , diabetes mellitus , among other diagnoses , who presented herself to **INSTITUTION for follow up with the Vascular Surgery for a recent AV fistula placed on **DATE[Feb 28 2007]. Reportedly , she began to complain of shortness of breath and chest discomfort and she was told to present herself to the **INSTITUTION ER . At the ER , she was found to have a systolic blood pressure of over 200 and this precipitated her admission to **INSTITUTION Hospital . Mainly , she was admitted for a rule - out MI and control of her high blood pressure .
The patient presented with noticing palpitations while in the office . EKG demonstrated SVT . A V / Q scan was done which was negative . She had a borderline elevation of her D - dimer . She was then admitted to the hospital due to the SVT , placed on the monitor , given diltiazem . Diltiazem rapidly controlled her rate . The V / Q scan was done because of the positive D - dimer that was negative . Chest x-ray demonstrated small bilateral pleural effusions . Cardiology was involved . The stress test was done as noted above . Catheterization was done as noted above . The patient tolerated the medications and discharged to home . Follow with Dr. **NAME[ZZZ] in 4 weeks .
The patient is an **AGE[in 80s]- year - old gentleman who has a history of normal pressure hydrocephalus . He is status post VP shunt placement on **DATE[Jul 28 2007] . Apparently was known to have some issue with the issue and was supposed to get it revived , but in any case he was in the nursing home , apparently had some vomiting , shortness of breath , and therefore was transferred to **PLACE ER . In the **PLACE ER , he had a chest x-ray which was thought to be consistent with possible pneumonia . He subsequently had a CT scan which showed atrophy and moderate hydrocephalus . He had CT of his abdomen and pelvis which was read as being unremarkable . He was started on antibiotic therapy and was transferred here for further care . He denies swelling or nausea at this time . Denies abdominal pain , and he denies cough . He really cannot give a very accurate history because of his memory issues .
This is a **AGE[in 60s]- year - old African American female with a history of fibromyalgia , vitiligo , distant history of lupus , hypertension , and osteoarthritis for a second admission in 1 month for complaints of just not feeling well . She has actually had an extensive workup for evaluation of leukocytosis and her generally not feeling well included a sedimentation rate which was elevated at 109 . She had SPEP which was unremarkable . She has a double - stranded , which was negative . Her complement levels were 25 for C4 and 145 for C3 . She had a C - reactive protein of 20.6 on **DATE[Aug 5 2007] and positive antithyroglobulin antibody . Her IgA level was normal at 288 . She had a normal electrophoresis and normal thyroid function tests . She had some red blood cells on her urinalysis and consistently 3+ urine blood on her UAs . She had some mild proteinuria and she had a normal CPK . She also had CT scan of her chest , abdomen , and pelvis , which was unremarkable . She had tagged white blood cell scan , which was negative and an echocardiogram , which revealed pulmonary hypertension . She had a colonoscopy , which did not reveal a significant lesion . She had a hyperplastic polyp in EGD which was normal , and she had a biopsy of her stomach which revealed mildly increased intraepithelial T lymphocytes . She had Dopplers of her lower extremities , which were negative , and the etiology of her increased white blood count was elucidated . She was setup to get a temporal artery biopsy , but she never followed up on that testing , and was followed up to see a new PCP , but she again did not follow up . She states that when she left the hospital , she actually felt better for a short period of time , but now she is starting to have worsening symptoms again . She complains of dyspnea with exertion and inability to do her normal activities because she just feels too fatigued . She has just a whole body achiness . She states she has pain in the joints of her hands , knees , ankles , and just general muscle pain in her entire legs . She states that today she had some stomach upset , but this has not been a problem for her . She complains of some subjective chills , and she has had headaches . She states that her headaches are located in the frontal area , more on the right than the left , and she occasionally has occipital headaches as well . She complains of numbness in her hands and feet . She has had difficulty just ambulating because of her symptoms . She has a **AGE[birth-12]- year - old daughter at home that she adopted . She has taken care of 157 children in the past . She volunteers a food bank . She is on the counsel for **PLACE . She usually is pretty active , but is unable to do any normal activity .
The patient states that she continues to feel dizzy when she stands up . She did hit her head she states when she passed out recently at home . She states that her dizziness did start after that fall .
I have reviewed all the reports from the patient 's admission recently . Basically , this is a **AGE[in 70s]- year - old veteran in the **INSTITUTION with no significant past cardiac history . The last echocardiogram in 2003 showed an EF of 55% , with chronic renal insufficiency , hypertension , peripheral vascular disease , and history of stroke , who came into **INSTITUTION with 4 days of lightheadedness ; nausea ; poor appetite ; fatigue ; and two brief episodes of chest pain 4 days ago , left substernal , nonradiating , 5/10 , no associated symptoms , lasting for 2 minutes . Denied any presyncopal episode . Denied palpitations or shortness of breath . Initially , went to the VA Emergency Department , and was found to be in a junctional rhythm and bradycardic . The heart rate was in the 40s . He was transferred to **INSTITUTION ED for further evaluation and was admitted to Pavilion Service for the treatment . The patient was seen with Dr. **NAME[RRR] in the Pavilion Service and further treatment was undergone there and later on transferred to Medicine Service for further care and evaluation .
This is an 83 year old woman with a history of hypertension who presents with slurred speech when dehydrated . She has paraplegia secondary to HTLV exposure while on vacation in the Bahamas six years ago . She presented with three days of general malaise , nausea , vomiting , shortness of breath , cough productive of white sputum . She awoke with nausea on the day of admission and pleuritic chest pain . She reports no sick contacts. The patient has some difficulty talking and grasping right hand . She came to the Emergency Department on the 2011-03-10 , with temperature of 99.0 F .; blood pressure of 97/50 ; heart rate 100 ; respirations 27 ; O2 saturation 84% on room air and 94% on two liters . The patient had coarse rhonchi on examination . Chest x-ray revealed mild pulmonary edema . Chest CT scan was negative for pulmonary embolism but positive for consolidation . She was started on Levofloxacin but the patient became hypotensive at that point with blood pressure of 70/45 and received a normal saline bolus to boost her blood pressure to 99/60 ; however the patient was admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for overnight observation because of her somnolence and hypotension . She was transferred to the Everett Firm on the 2011-03-11 and was mentating well and was stable for transfer .
Ms. Bridge is a 74 y/o female admitted to outside hospital on 2015-10-21 with chest discomfort , vomiting and shortness of breath . Initial EKG showed ST depressions , but cardiac enzymes were not elevated . She eventually underwent a cardiac cath to assess coronary disease which revealed three vessel coronary artery disease . She was then transferred to The Hospital for Orthopedics for surgical intervention .
This is a 55-year-old female with multiple prior admissions for pneumonia , COPD , asthma exacerbation , over 3 weeks of upper respiratory like infection unremitting with increased nebulizer treatments at home . The patient saw her PCP and was known to have an oxygen saturation of 82 to 85 percent on room air . She was referred to the Emergency Department . In the Emergency Department , the patient received Zithromax , ceftriaxone , and Flagyl . Chest x-ray was remarkable for a questionable left lower lobe infiltrate . The patient received nebulizer treatment with oxygen saturations increasing up to 98 percent on room air .
Mr. Mcelveen is a 51 year-old male with metastatic RCC status post left radical nephrectomy in 2018-03-21 , status post Avastin and sorafenib , most recently on Sutent monotherapy since 2018-12-21 , with mild renal insufficiency , who presented from home on 2019-06-14 with shortness of breath and fever . Of note , he was hospitalized at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute from 9/25-10/6 with chest pain , at which time he reportedly had cardiac enzymes , an echocardiogram and a pharmacological stress test performed . It is unclear from history what these studies revealed . He reports that he felt fatigued during the week prior to the current admission . On the day of admission , he felt " congested " in his chest , and had a new fever . He was taken to the Deanna by his wife . Patrick reports a mild cough for 2 days PTA , non-productive . He denies a history of aspiration events or choking with food intake . He describes mild reflux symptoms at night . Further ROS reveals mild SOB in the days preceding admission , but he tells me that he was surprised to find out about his low oxygen saturation because he did not feel that bad . He denies chills , no chest pain , no LE swelling . In the Deanna , Tmax 102.8 , BP 100 - 140/60 s, HR 80 s, RR 20 s, Sat 75% on RA in triage , up to 100% on NRB . CXR with bibasilar consolidations . He was given Levo 750 mg PO X1 , and Flagyl 500 mg PO X1 . His BP decreased to 100 systolic despite hydration with 2L of NS . He was subsquently admitted to the ICU for further care . He was placed on Levo and Ceftriaxone . A cosyntropin stimulation test revealed cortisol 32.1 --> 36.4 . His oxygen requirement decreased , and his overall status improved quickly . He is being transferred to the floor for ongoing care .
Mr. Robert Mackey is a 49 year old gentleman with a 22 year history of diabetes mellitus . He has a history of peripheral neuropathy , kidney transplantation in 2003 secondary to diabetic nephropathy , as well as throat cancer in 2004 treated with local resection and radical neck dissection on the left as well as postoperative radiation . Mr.  Mackey also had signs and symptoms consistent with cervical myelopathy ; a cervical MRI scan showed very impressive disc herniations at C5-C6 , less so at C4-C5 , with clear cut cord compression , particularly on the right side C5-C6 . Therefore , he was admitted for C4-C5 and C5-C6 anterior diskectomy with autologous bone graft and instrumented fusion .
Mr. Cordano is a 58-year-old gentlemen with a past medical history significant for primary sclerosing cholangitis who presented with a chief complaint of endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography and percutaneous transhepatic cholangiogram . The most recent percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty was done in 2009-07-25 . At the time an 8 Caucasian catheter was placed in the common hepatic/bioduct for external drainage . The endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography also showed the presence proximal common bile duct . Nodularities in the common bile duct visualized by endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography was also worrisome for cholangiocarcinoma and the patient was admitted to the Blue General Surgery Service for possible surgical interventions .
This is a 56 year old man with history of hypercholesterolemia and type II diabetes mellitus . He has a recent history of dyspnea on exertion on exertional chest pain which has increased over the last several weeks and is relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin . On 2016-06-26 , he had a positive exercise tolerance test . Cardiac catheterization at the end of October revealed a dilated aortic root to 4.4 cm and 80% stenosis of the mid left anterior descending at the bifurcation involving the diagonal branch , 70% stenoses of the left circumflex and oblique marginal artery and 90% stenosis of the posterior descending artery . His atrioventricular valve gradient was 27 with an AV surface area of .91 .
Ms Crossman is an 84 year old female with complaints of abdominal pain , diarrhea , nausea and vomiting x 1 week , who presented to an outside hospital . She was transferred to Arbour Hospital on 2015-02-21 for bowel obstruction , ischemia and worsening abdominal distention and pain .
Mr. Vazquez is a 48 year old man with a history of hepatitis C , bipolar disorder with suicide attempts in the past , recent CMED admit earlier in 4/05 who was found alert approximately one hour after taking an unspecified number of pills . Per report , there were empty bottles of Inderal and Klonopin found at bedside , as well as 02-26 full bottles of geodon , gabapentin , Lescol and paroxitine . The patient was reportedly alert at scene , and then became unresponsive in route to the hospital . In the Rita , the patient was intubated and given activated charcoal . His initial BP was 60/P with a pulse in the 60 s. He was given 4 amps of calcium gluconate , and started on a Calcium gtt . He was also given 5mg of glucagon and started on a glucagon drip with good response . His urine and serum tox screens were notable only for benzos , otherwise negative . He was seen by cardiology , and toxicology was consulted via telephone . He was admitted to the CMED , intubated for airway protection and started on both a calcium and glucagon drip . There was evidence of possible aspiration pneumonia on CXR , though he was extubated without incident on the AM of transfer to the medicine floor . CMED was made aware , and they are actively involved in his care .
The patient was referred from an outside hospital with a chief complaint of increasing shortness of breath and tires easily with exertion . Admitted to Bay State Medical Center Hospital in 2012-10-22 in congestive heart failure at that time . Via echocardiogram , found to have aortic stenosis . Referred to Memorial Hospital ( Worcester ) for cardiac catheterization to further evaluate her aortic stenosis . Cardiac catheterization done on 01-07 showed an aortic valve area of .38 cm.sq. , with a mean gradient of 62 , and a peak gradient of 85 . Moderate pulmonary hypertension , PA pressure 48/24 , 1+ mitral regurgitation , severe aortic stenosis with an LVEDP of 19 and an ejection fraction of 43% . She was then referred to Cardiothoracic Surgery for aortic valve replacement .
The patient is a 52 year old Czech speaking gentleman with a history of severe mitral regurgitation . For the past several years , the patient has continued to have significant exercise intolerance which has limited his ability to work . He reports severe dyspnea on exertion . The patient had a recent admission earlier in the month and he was discharged on 2015-09-10 , after undergoing cardiac catheterization . This was significant for demonstrating no flow-limited disease in the coronaries but several fistulae from the left anterior descending to the PA . Several of these were coil embolized during this admission . He tolerated this well , was sent home , and now returns for his mitral valve repair .
73 yo M transferred from Newton-Wellesley Hospital hospital for epidural abscess . Pt has h/o colon can to liver , s/p resxn with serosal implants in 9/03 . Pt states he has been receiving chemotherapy up until 1 week ago . States he first developed back pain 5 weeks ago but was still able to ambulate with his cane . Last week it was worse and he was seen in clinic . An MRI was done and this showed a signal abno in L3 L4 ? disciitis vs osteo without a definitive epidural abscess . Initially on Vanc and Cipro on Friday but then seen by ID who reccommended no abx but a bone biopsy , blood cx . He was also seen by spine who repeated the MRI and this showed L3-4 osteomyelitis and discitis and an epidural abscess , 5cm . He was subsequently restared on Vancomycin for Corynebacterium in blood cx from Fri ; Followup cx has been NGTD . CXR also showed small pleural effusion and attempt was made to tap it , but pt did not tolerate the procedure and asked that it be deferred . He did undergo a CT-guided aspiration / biopsy at the L3-4 disc space on 2020-03-11 and the pt was transferred to Mediplex Rehab Hospital immediately following this . No results from this were sent . Currently pt denies sensory deficits or weakness . States he is not able to walk because of severe pain . States pain is worst when he sits up or twists his back . No bowel or bladder incontinence .
47 female with h/o HCV cirrhosis compocated by encephalopathy , ascites , and h/o portal vein thrombosis ( right anterior portal vein ) and portalcaval shunt ( reversed flow in main portal vein ) presents from liver clinic with increasing abdominal girth . She also described sob , nausea , worsening lower ext edema . She denied abd pain , fevers , chills . She was admitted for a large volume paracentesis but her INR on admission was 3.8 . She received 4units of FFP which decreased her INR to 2.2 and then 2 more units during the tap . She then had 6L of non-bloody ascitic fluid removed without complication . She received 36gm of albumin following the tap . Her BP on admission was 120/70 and remained stable following the tap . Over the next several hours , pt complained of abd pain but this resolved on its own without medication . In the am , she was found to have a hct of 24 , down from 32 and plts 35 , down from 72 . She received 2 units of plts and 1 unit of PRBC s. Her BP was then noted to be decreased at 80/40 which improved mildly to 90/30 with 1.5L of NS . Temp noted to be low at 94 and she was placed on bear hugger which improved temp to 96.7 . Her mental status also had decreased from admission and her urine output was minimal , 225cc over the past 12 hours . Creatinine this am was 1.9 from 0.9 yesterday .
The patient is a 49-year-old gravida III , para II , who was sent from her primary care physician 's office secondary to lower abdominal pain . The patient is status post uterine artery embolization on 2009-01-07 secondary to fibroids . She has had continuing vaginal discharge , and was diagnosed with bacterial vaginosis one day prior to admission , and was given a prescription for Flagyl . She noted increasing abdominal pain two days prior to admission , which became more severe on the day prior to admission . She went to her primary care physician 's office on the day of admission complaining of abdominal pain , which she stated was constant but intermittently sharper at times . The location was variable . She also complained of some loose stools on the day of admission , no nausea or vomiting . Her temperature was 100.4 in the office , and she had no chills . She was sent for a CT scan of her abdomen , which revealed fluid and question of gas in the endometrial cavity , and she was sent to Pinewood , Norfolk for treatment and admission .
90 yo F with MMP ( see below ) who sustained a mechanical fall down stairs resulting in a hip and arm fracture . Fall was witnessed by daughter . Nicholas seizures , no LOC , no head or neck trauma . Patient denies CP , SOB , light headedness , or dizziness prior to of after the fall . She fell on her R side and had a great deal of pain in her R arm and hip . Presented to Taunton and found to have R humerus and R hip fx . Ct of head and neck neg for fx , bleed , and dislocation .
The patient is a 59 year-old female status post endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography on the day of admission , which had been done to evaluate for possible bile leak after cholecystectomy was performed four days ago . The patient was in her usual state of health until four days prior to admission when she had a cholecystectomy . Her postop course was uneventful until one day prior to admission when she developed abdominal pain . She went to an outside hospital Emergency Room and was reassured and sent home . On the day of admission she returned to the outside hospital Emergency Room where an abdominal CT was performed , which showed " thickened stomach and free air ." She was sent to New England Sinai Hospital & Rehab Center for an endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography and possible stent placement . She had a successful endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography , which showed a bile leak at the duct of Luschka . A stent was placed successfully . After her endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography the patient developed " jaw clenching , biting tongue , rigidity and cold / chills ." The patient received ampicillin , Gentamycin and Flagyl empirically as well as Narcan to reverse fentanyl . Because of the tongue injury and tachycardia as well as possible infection given her fevers or chills the GI Service transferred the patient to the CMED CCU for close observation .
Mr. Eugene is a 67 year old male with a remote history of chronic pancreatitis due to alcohol abuse 30 years ago , who is transferred now from Rehab Hospital of the Cape & Islands Hospital for an ERCP and work-up for a cystic lesion at the head of his pancreas on CT scan shown at the outside hospital . The patient presented initially to Rehab Hospital of the Cape & Islands Hospital at the end of December for abdominal pain , and was found to have pancreatitis . During this admission , two CT scans had shown a question of an enlargement of the head of his pancreas versus early pseudocyst . The patient was discharged home early from this admission due to family needs . While at home , the patient did not do well and could tolerate minimal food intake and lost about 20 pounds in one month . On an office visit on 01-14 , the patient was found to have significantly elevated alkaline phosphatase . That evening , the patient again developed abdominal pain " like his pancreatitis " with nausea and vomiting , for which he was admitted to the Rehab Hospital of the Cape & Islands Hospital . In the Emergency Department at the Rehab Hospital of the Cape & Islands Hospital , the patient was noted to have vomited some heme positive material . His complete blood count showed 11% bandemia with a total white count of 10 . A HIDA scan showed no flow , question of pancreatitis versus common bile duct obstruction . His electrocardiogram showed a normal sinus rhythm . A chest x-ray was unremarkable . During his admission to Rehab Hospital of the Cape & Islands Hospital , the patient had dropped his hematocrit to the 30 s with recorded melena . He received an MRCP which was negative for evidence of stones . An ultrasound showed normal gallbladder with no wall thickening but a dilated common bile duct of 8 mm measured on CT scan . The patient had an attempted ERCP on 01-18 , which was unsuccessful due to a long nipple like papilla . He was therefore transferred to Saints Medical Center for endoscopic retrogram cholangiopancreatography . The patient 's blood cultures at outside hospital grew out Streptococcus sanguis-gordonii on 01-18 . This was sensitive to Clindamycin , Erythromycin , penicillin S and Vancomycin . Prior to this result , the patient had already been on Ampicillin , Sulbactam and Gentamycin . It appears from the Discharge summary that the patient was placed on Unasyn 3 grams intravenously every six hours after his ERCP .
This is a 37 y/o male patient with PMH Type I DM , HTN , gastroparesis , ESRD on HD ( last in 12/26 per patient ) who presents to CMED CCU with hypertensive urgency unable from the Larry . The patient early this morning to the Ruthie with his usual nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and was found to be hypertensive to 256/110 , HR 102 , T 99.2 , RR 22 , 92% RA . History is difficult to obtain from patient d/t somnolence and lack of desire to participate in interview , but per Frank note he was diaphoretic and ' writing in pain ', vomiting clear substance . He was given ativan a total of 4 mg of ativan , 6 mg of dilaudid , labetolol 20 mg IV x 1 and hydralazine 10 mg IV x 1 without good response ( 200/99 ). He recieved 2L NS and was started on labetolol gtt and BP decreased to 161/79 . Tranferred to CMED CCU for further management while on labetolol gtt . Of note , the patient is admitted to hospital 3 times every month for similar complaints with last admission 1/20-2/1/07 . At that time BP was attributed to abdominal pain and inability to take PO meds d/t nausea / vomiting . Also had labile blood sugars with repeated episodes of hypoglycemia , and Strickland recommended sugars in the range of 150-200 . He eloped prior to formal discharge when his FS was found to be critically high - recommended to patient that he stay for repeat , but left AMA without signing any forms . Upon transfer to the CMED CCU the patient appears somewhat uncomfortable , reporting nausea and abdominal pain , but when questioned he was unable / unwilling to participate in HPI or exam d/t sleepiness . He denied CP , SOB , HA , vision changes , neck stiffness , dysuria , or other symptoms . In the CMED CCU he became hypotensive to SBP 80 s. Labetalol was stopped and he received a 500 cc fluid bolus and his blood pressure rose to SBP 90 s. Cardiac and infectious sources of hypotension were considered , but cardiac enzymes were not changed from prior studies and he had no localizing signs of infection ; blood cultures were sent and a ultrasound of the L arm AVF ordered to rule out abscess at the site . He received a partial HD session , limited by hypotension . Over night , his blood pressure trended up to 130 s systolic . He was restarted on his home blood pressure regimen . Renal consult team saw him 2019-01-20 and plan to next dialyze him on 2019-01-21 . He was to be called out to the medical floor on 2019-01-20 but became somnolent after receiving pain and anti-nausea meds , so he stayed in the ICU for closer monitoring of respiratory status , which spontaneously improved . His blood sugar at 10 pm was low at 22 and he was disoriented , which resolved with two glasses of juice ; he did not receive his standing dose of NPH that evening . Blood cultures returned positive with GPC in pairs and clusters , so a TTE and surveillance cultures were ordered and vancomycin was started . He was then called out to the medical floor on 01-21 .
This is an 86-year-old female with a past medical history of diabetes and hypertension who presented to the Emergency Department with a two day history of shortness of breath and easy fatigability . She also noted increased dyspnea on exertion . Prior to this patient could walk upstairs but now cannot . She denies chest pain , orthopnea , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea . However , the patient has noted some abdominal pain , intermittent times a couple of days , none on the day of admission . Denied nausea , vomiting , diaphoresis , bowel movement changes . She has noted increased urinary frequency . Denies fever or chills . Of note , she has had recent medication changes which included discontinuing Diovan and starting terazosin .
The patient is a 39 year-old gentleman admitted on 2009-05-01 to the Jewish Memorial Hospital referred from South Cove Community Health Center . He is a 39 year-old gentleman with hyperlipidemia and smoking who presented with acute onset of chest pain since five in the morning with radiation to the left arm and nausea . Symptoms resolved spontaneously . He was taken to the Cath Lab at the Pinewood , Norfolk that evening where a stent procedure to the RCA was complicated by guidewire entrapment inside of a stent requiring CT surgery to do a thoracotomy with bypass and excision of the wire . The case was complicated by an episode of coffee ground emesis and a bleed from femoral access site prior to CT surgery . Gastroenterology was consulted and they recommended Protonix and felt it was due to peptic ulcer disease .
The patient is a 64 year old gentleman with a history of elevated PSA , prostate cancer . He was diagnosed with needle biopsy on either side of the prostate with 3+3 equals 6 on the right side and 3+4 equals 7 on the left side .
The patient is a 49 year-old man with hepatitis C cirrhosis complicated by encephalopathy , positive esophageal varices , now with worsening confusion and lethargy . The patient has been admitted 5 x in the past to Nantucket Cottage Hospital since 11-30 for encephalopathy . Most recently admitted on 2014-03-19 to 2014-03-22 . Infectious work-up was negative . Trazodone stopped . Patient was started on Lactulose and Rifaximine which improved his mental status . Today , on 2014-03-03 , the patient was seen in clinic with increased lethargy , confusion . Wife reports that the patient has a history of lethargy and confusion , similar to the symptoms for which the patient was recently admitted . The patient also reports that he has had " yellowish eyes , some shaking and his breath smelled more like ammonia over the past 3 days ." The patient has been compliant with his medications . He has had one bowel movement today which is on 2014-03-31 . He has had night sweats for the past 2 weeks . He denies any abdominal pain . He gets cold easily but denies fevers . His stools have been brown to green .
Baby girl Fritsche is the 1670 gram product of a 31 and 06-17 week gestation born to a 34 - year-old G2 P1 now 2 woman . Fetal screens , O positive , antibody negative , RPR nonreactive , rubella immune , hepatitis surface antigen negative , GBS unknown . IVF pregnancy complicated by IUGR , 2 vessel cord , normal fetal echo reverse diastolic flow and demise of twin A at 27 weeks . Twin B with normal fetal survey was transferred to Boston Medical Center at 26 and 2/7 weeks with IUGR of twin A was first noted , presented with preterm labor at 31 weeks . Betamethasone complete at approximately 26 weeks and 31 weeks . Mother was on clindamycin since 11-04 . PPROM with bleeding and transverse lie prompted cesarean section . Abruption noted . Apgars were 6 and 9 .
82 F with h/o COPD , CAD , pafib and SSS s/p pacer on 05-08 for symptomatic pauses is transferred for large pericardial effusion ? needing drainage and CHF . She was admitted to Cambridge Hospital 2018-05-24 with ARF ( Cr 3.5 up from 0.9 ) and SOB . According to her guardian she was discharged to her NH for a few days after her pacer was placed 05-08 , which was complicated by a PTX requiring CT placement which had been d/c 'd in the hospital after resolution of her PTX . She had some nausea / vomiting and generally was taking poor pos at her NH . There had been some concern her nausea was due to her amiodarone which had been discontinued about 1 week ago . She was then sent to Franklin Medical Center 05-24 with lethargy and n/v . At Erich Lindemann Mental Health Center she was discovered to have ARF , a large pericardial effusion , and bilateral pleural effusions . She was treated with IVF for her ARF . She underwent a TTE at Erich Lindemann Mental Health Center today ( 05-26 ) showing mod-lg circumferential pericardial effusion without evidence of RV diastolic collapse and no MV inflow evidence of tamponade , pacer wire located in RV apex . There was still concern for her effusion contributing to her SOB at the OSH so she was transferred for drainage and treatment of CHF . Today she only complains of some SOB , which she says remains largely unchanged over the past few days . She denies any CP / cough / fever / abd pain / diarrhea / black or bloody stools / headache .
46 - yo-man w/ active cocaine use presents w/ LE edema . 10 days ago , he developed b/l LE edema that has gotten progressively worse until now . Three days ago , he developed dyspnea on exertion when climbing stairs , assoc w/ 2-pillow orthopnea and PND . He denies any recent chest pain , palpitations , headache , confusion , weakness , numbness , abd pain , or hematuria . No recent viral syndromes or URI s. He does admit to cocaine use last night . Today , his wife convinced him to present to the Deanna for evaluation . In the Deanna , his BP was 230/170 . BNP was elevated at 7500 . CXR revealed evidence of cardiomegaly and pulm edema . He was treated w/ ASA 325 mg , lasix 10 mg IV , and hydralazine 10 mg IV x 2 . He responded well to lasix w/ good UOP , but diastolic BP remained elevated at 170 , prompting initiation of nitroprusside gtt . He is now admitted to the CCU for further care .
55 yo M w/ h/o recurrent bladder ca s/p cystectomy w/ ileal conduit p/w BRBPR to OSH . Hct dropped 34 -> 22 . EGD normal . Cscope unable to complete due to blood but tics seen . Tagged RBC + activity in RLQ . Transferred to Mediplex Rehab Hospital ICU where Hct has remained stable . Seen by GI and plan is to continue holding anticoagulation and repeat scope on Monday . Pt feeling well , denies abd pain , N/V , LH , SOB , CP .
This is a 67 - year-old male with a history of high cholesterol who was in his usual state of health until 2016-04-03 . He was raking leaves on 04-02 and then developed episodes of mid chest pain and burning which radiated to the left arm . That night he reportedly stopped breathing and was unresponsive . His wife gave him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and he regained consciousness . He presented to an outside hospital with an acute inferior myocardial infarction and was treated with thrombolytic therapy . His troponin was 20 and he had EKG changes . He underwent catheterization on 2016-04-05 which revealed a left ventricular ejection fraction of 50% , no mitral regurgitation , insufficiency or hypokinesis . Left main coronary artery was narrowed 50-60% , left anterior descending coronary artery 70% proximally , right coronary artery dominant diseased up to 90% proximally in the midportion , 70% distally . The left circumflex coronary artery was 50% proximally , 90% obtuse marginal #3 .
Mr. Pohl is a 53 - year-old male with history of alcohol use and hypertension . He was found in his apartment lobby " shouting " and very agitated . The patient states that he recalls going out alone to a cafe the evening prior to admission . There he recalls having pizza and two glasses of red wine . The patient told other staff that he had a few cocktails and drinking a few more glasses of wine when he ran into some friends at a bar . He denies any other drug or toxin ingestion . He does not recall walking home , but he states that the way is well known to him . He has no further recollection , until he presented to the emergency room . He by emergency room report , was found in his apartment lobby agitated . EMS was called and the patient was taken to the emergency room . Blood alcohol level was 383 . Agitated in emergency room requiring 4 leather restraints , received 5 mg of Haldol , 2 mg of Ativan . He became hypotensive in the emergency room with a systolic blood pressure in the 80 's and had decreased respiratory rate . He received a normal saline bolus of 2 liters of good blood pressure response . The patient was then admitted to the medical Intensive Care Unit for observation of his blood pressure and then transferred to our service on medicine when the blood pressures remained stable overnight . The patient denies any chest pain , shortness of breath , dysuria , diarrhea , bright red blood per rectum . He does complain of cold symptoms times one week . The patient states in the past that he has participated in several alcohol treatment programs , most recently Star which is similar Alcoholics Anonymous . The patient admits that he has had many stressors in his life lately . His job as a computer programmer is unstable . His brother is mentally handicapped and might be sent away from his instate institution . He is also concerned about the threat of war and is ready to " move to Madagascar ". He states that he primarily relies on friends . In the past , he has been very depressed and has seen a counselor at Greenfield Community College Community Health .
The patient is an 82 - year-old male with a history of hypertension , remote tobacco abuse , chronic renal insufficiency , and a history of a TIA who was in his usual state of health until five nights prior to admission when he awoke at midnight with severe epigastric pain radiating to both arms . He also had bilateral arm numbness . The symptoms were associated with diaphoresis and shortness of breath but no nausea or vomiting . After approximately one hour , he presented to the Bristol County Tuberculosis Hospital Dana-Farber Cancer Institute Campus where he ruled in for a non-ST elevation MI with a CK of 438 with a peak CK MB of 19.8 and troponin that peaked at 10.2 . He was started on nitrates there as well as heparin and Integrelin and remained pain-free . He denied any history of similar symptoms in the past and has had no prior history of angina or myocardial infarction . The patient was subsequently transferred to Youville Hospital for cardiac catheterization . At the time of transfer , he was initially admitted to the CMI Service after undergoing cardiac catheterization which revealed a long LAD lesion that was angioplastied without stent placement , and a total occlusion of the RCA with collaterals . He subsequently became hypotensive and bradycardiac in the Catheterization Laboratory which responded to IV fluids , dopamine , Atropine , and he was then transferred to the CCU for further monitoring . He had a bedside transthoracic echocardiogram done in the Cardiac Catheterization laboratory without evidence of an effusion . A Swan was also placed . There were no stents deployed at all throughout the catheterization . By the time he was admitted , he was off pressors and hemodynamically stable and pain-free .
This is a 55 - year-old Caucasian speaking male who is a smoker and has a family history of coronary artery disease , as well as a personal history of hypertension , who experienced multiple episodes of 10/10 substernal chest pain radiating down his left arm last night with his daily activities . Each episode lasted approximately 15 minutes in duration and resolved on their own . This morning while landscaping the patient had unremitting 12-05 pain with shortness of breath and diaphoresis . He presented to Deaconess-Nashoba Hospital Hospital and the first EKG was found to have ST elevations in V1-V3 of 1-2 mm with T wave inversions in V4-6 , I and L , which progressed to 3-0167 W. Seventh Ave. elevations within 20 minutes . Heparin and nitroglycerin drip were started with 10 mg of IV Retavase half dose . He was transferred to the North Adams Regional Hospital for catheterization . Once at Hahnemann General Hospital he received heparin and Integrilin . Coronary angiography revealed left main , left circumflex and RCA normal and left LAD with 99% midstenosis . A Hepacoat stent was placed with no residuals but good flow after nitroglycerin and diltiazem . The chest pain persisted afterwards and a relook catheterization was performed that revealed no occlusions . The right heart catheterization revealed a cardiac output index of 4.11 and 2.15 respectively . RA pressure was 13 , RV pressure 45/7 , wedge 27 and PA pressures of 42/21 . He was transferred to the CC for monitoring and he denied having further pain , shortness of breath , nausea or vomiting . At baseline the patient denies any previous chest pain , pressure , dyspnea on exertion , orthopnea , PND or palpitations .
61 yo African-American-Hispanic male had abnormal EKG found as part of pre-op eval. for ventral hernia repair . Had subsequent abnormal stress test and pefusion imaging showed EF 38% with perfusion defects . Echo prior to scheduled cath showed mild LVH , inferior HK , EF 40% , mild MR , mild LAE . Cath at Kindred/North Shore today showed 80% LM lesion with normal LAD , CX , RCA . Severe systolic HTN also noted . Transferred in urgently for cabg with Dr. Howard .
The patient is a 91 yo woman with h/o HTN who came from Bridgewater State Hospital Rehab with substernal chest pain after exercise . Pt had been in her usual state of health and performed here regular exercises . After returning to her room she w noted SSCP without radiation . No nausea , vomiting , diaphoresis . They did an ECG at Bridgewater State Hospital rehab which demonstarted new ST depressions in V1-V4 . She received ASA 81 mg x 2 and nitro SL x 2 with partial relief at nursing home . On presentation to Providence Behavioral Health Hospital Amanda , her vitals were HR 68 , BP 142/68 , RR 28 , O2 sat 100% RA . Exam was notable for RRR with no murmur , bibasilar crackles , guaiac negative . EKG showed sinus brady , with old LAD and new ST depressions in V1-V4 . Troponin was 0.07 . She received ASA , nitro SL then gtt , morphine , metoprolol , and heparin gtt . Cardiology discussed cath however , patient 's family turned down . Transferred to CCU for further management and observation .
Justin Searle a 60-year-old man with a long history of chronic prostatitis status post two transurethral resection of the prostate procedures in 2007 and 1998 . He also has a diagnosis of interstitial cystitis and more significantly has a history of coronary artery disease with a recent catheterization , supraventricular tachycardia , and a progressive mitochondrial myopathy . He has had symptoms of dribbling , stress incontinence , hematuria , but has no dysuria . He was preadmitted for cardiac clearance by Dr. Lair , his cardiologist .
Mr. Jackson is a 63-year-old male with squamous cell carcinoma of the floor of mouth ( stage T2 N0 ) that was biopsied by his dentist . Pathology was reviewed revealing invasive squamous cell carcinoma . He presented on 2016-11-21 for resection . He was admitted on 2016-11-21 following his surgery . He underwent a joint procedure by Otolaryngology and Plastic Surgery .
Mrs. Wisniewski is a 45-year-old woman with multiple familial cavernous hemangiomas . She is right-handed . She was in her usual state of health until one and a half weeks prior to admission . She developed an ear ache , for which she saw her primary care physician , Evelyn was prescribed cortisone drops . A few days later she complained of dizziness . This was mostly described as feeling unsteady on her feet . She stated that she had trouble knowing if her feet were touching the ground . She was seen again by primary care physician , Roderick since she had complaints of dizziness , as well as a new complaint of decreased hearing and the sensation of static in her ears , meniere 's disease was considered . She was given an oral prednisone taper . This unsteady gait progressed , and then she subsequently started to develop a pins and needle feeling in the face , hands and feet bilaterally . Her hearing got progressively worse and the sound of static increased . She was very fatigued . At an outside hospital , head CT revealed a 1.5 cm diameter hyperdense mass in the pons , slightly off center to the right . She was transferred here for further care .
This is an 85 year old man initially admitted to the Plastic Surgery Service for evaluation of a left facial mass . Subsequently , CMED CCU was consulted and he was transferred to our Service postoperatively .
s/p AVR 05-14 . Postop course c/b right upper extremity DVT and postop Afib . Discharged home 05-19 with instructions to f/u in vascular clinic . Had vascular clinic f/u on day of admission . At that time had UE duplex which revealed RUE DVT involving IJ , Axillary , subclav , brachial , and basilic veins . Then referred to ER for Tx
54 yo F with Crohn 's s/p ileostomy and subsequent short gut syndrome with port-a-cath placement for TPN who presents with progressive right sided chest pain that comes in waves . The pt reports sharp 10/10 chest pain under the right breast which is getting progressively worse . The pain is worsened with deep inspiration or movement . It initially started one day previously but has gotten significantly worse over last 12 hours . It is associated with SOB as well as fevers , chills . The pt denies abd pain , n/v or increased ostomy output . Given her fever , sx of chest pain and SOB as well as an elevated WBC count , she was initially thought to have a PNA . She was therefore given ceftriaxone 1 g IV x1 and azithromycin 500 mg PO x1 in the Deanna . As the CXR was without any evidence of PNA , or PTX , the pt subsequently received a CTA to evaluate for PE which revealed multifocal bilateral PNA but no PE . At this time , she was given Vancomycin 1 g IV x1 . She was also given morphine 2 mg x3 , 4 mg IV x2 , dolasetron 12.5 mg x2 and ativan 1 mg IV x1 .
The patient is a 47 - year-old male with a past medical history of coronary artery disease , status post 2-vessel percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in 2005 , 3-vessel percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty in 2009 , hypertension , new onset type 2 diabetes , and hypercholesterolemia who presents with the sudden onset of substernal chest pain status post exercise . The patient presented to Bournewood Hospital on the morning of admission with a chief complaint of substernal burning without radiation which developed while doing exercise . Of note , this is the second time the patient has exercised in many months . The pain became worse over the next few minutes to 07-12 and increased to 10-12 while he was in the ambulance . His nitroglycerin patch did not help , and he only had slight relief with sublingual nitroglycerin times three . In addition , he had slight shortness of breath but denies headache , change in vision , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , change in bowel or urinary habits , or fevers , chills , and sweats . Of note , he had a negative stress test in 2012-07-03 . He was sent to Bournewood Hospital via ambulance . In the Emergency Department he received aspirin , nitroglycerin drip , heparin drip , Dilaudid , and TNK with decreased in his pain but without resolution of symptoms . Electrocardiogram at that time showed ST elevations and J point elevations in V2 through V4 . The patient was transferred to Sturdy Memorial where he underwent catheterization . Catheterization results showed 100% occlusion of the proximal left anterior descending artery and 50% stenosis of first diagonal . Angio-Jet percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and stenting was performed on proximal left anterior descending artery and the percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty was performed on first diagonal with good results . An intra-aortic balloon pump was placed at this time as well .
70 y/o male with h/o CAD s/p LAD PTCA 33 yrs ago , COPD , T2DM , and AICD pocket infection who presented to the Juan on 2017-09-03 with worsening SOB x 5 days and feeling " cloudy ." The patient was currently at Hubbard Regional Hospital and began to develop worsening SOB for the past 5 days . This AM while talking with his daughter on the phone , he was noted to desaturate into the high 80s and he was brought to the The Hospital for Orthopedics Juan for further evaluation . The patient states that he has felt " cloudy " of late which seems to relate to his worsening SOB . He is not ambulatory and is very deconditioned secondary to several complications within the past two months related to an AICD pocket infection . He denies any CP , N/V/D , abdominal pain , or HA . He states that he only uses one pillow to sleep but admits to sleeping at about 30 degrees at rehab . In the Juan , his VS were 97.8 150/80 88 12 89-94% 3L NC . He was given Percocet for back pain , Lasix 80 mg IV , and Combivent neb . For unclear reasons , he was placed on a NRB in the Juan . Upon arrival to the CCU , he was hemodynamically stable . He was quickly weaned to 3L O2 via NC , O2 sats 100% .
Mr. Lockley is a 73 yo male with a complicated past medical history , recently discharged from St. Margaret 's Center for Women & Infants on 08-02 following a prolonged admission for STEMI , respiratory failure felt secondary to pulmonary edema requiring intubation and subsequent tracheostomy 02-22 failure to wean , sepsis and C.difficile colitis treated with Vancomycin and Flagyl with a course of Levophed . He was discharged to Athol Memorial Hospital for continued weaning . Per Dr. John C. Corrigan Mental Health Center , patient remained ventilator dependent , intermittently on PS 20/5 and back on AC 15/5/500/0.35 on 08-08 . At OSH , sputum cultures grew Pseudomonas and MRSA , and he was restarted on Zosyn ( 08-08 ) and Vancomycin ( 08-09 ). He completed his course of Vancomycin on 2017-08-10 . However , today around 17:45 , while being moved by the nursing staff , Mr. Lockley Bosche started coughing . Suctioned X 1 , mucus not cleared . He then became dusky and cyanotic , and stopped breathing on his own . A code was called , + pulse . Patient placed on FiO2 100% . Vitals reportedly HR 88-98 , BP 150/80 . ABG done on FiO2 100% 7.36/66/417/98% . At Vencor Hospital , BP dropped to 90 , and patient was started on NS IVF , with improvement in BP . EKG without acute changes . He was transferred to St. Margaret 's Center for Women & Infants John for further management on AC , RR 15 , PEEP 5 , Vt 500 , Fi02 1.0 . In John , BP 80/60 , HR 80 . Continued on IVF ( received total 2300 cc ) , with improved BP to SBP 105-118 . Stool sent for C.diff and given Flagyl 500 mg PO X 1 dose .
69 y/o female wtih PMH significant for ESRD on HD , type 2 DM , and recent PE resulting in PEA arrest admitted through the Juan with sepsis of unknown etiology . Pt was recently admitted to The Hospital for Orthopedics from 12-07 thorugh 12-14 with hypotension thought to be secondary to overdiuresis at HD. However , a septic component to the hypotension was also considered as the pt was found to have citrobacter in her urine and C diff in her stool . Pt was then discharged to Arbour-Fuller Hospital Senior Life where she was in her normal state of health until three days ago . Her son reports that she then developed a headache and fevers started three days ago which were treated with tylenol . Then , this morning she developed fatigue and did not eat well . He son also notes that she appeared to be working hard to breath . She was found to be febrile to 101.9 and received levoflox and vancomycin . Pt was then sent to the The Hospital for Orthopedics Juan for further evaluation . Per notes , pt denied SOB , CP , and abdominal pain prior to intubation . She did complain of a left frontal headache . In the Juan , the pt 's VS were singificant for a fever of 103.8 , tachycardia in the 130s-150s , and initial hypertensive in the 140s . Her oxygen saturation was 96% on RA but she was tachypneic to 31 . She was obtunded and was thus intubated for airway protection . Post-intubation , the pt 's BP acutely dropped to 58/19 in the setting of propofol . When this medication was discontinued , her BP came back up to the 70s-90s / 30s-50s . Pt was then initiated on the sepsis protocol . In the Juan , she received vancomycin , levofloxacin , flagyl , and cefepime ( 2 gm ). She received a total of 4 liters of NS then was started on levophed for continued hypotension . Pt is now transferred to the FICU for further care . Per pt 's son , she is bedbound at baseline due to her multiple LE femur fractures .
This is a 59 year old male with a past medical history significant for an atrioseptal defect repair at age 18 , congestive heart failure with an ejection fraction of 45% and a recent cardiac myocardial infarction , pulmonary hypertension and mitral regurgitation , and atrial fibrillation . He was seen by his primary care physician the day before admission and complained of two weeks of increasing shortness of breath and fatigue , weight gain and abdominal fullness . He was sent to the Emergency Department for further evaluation . The patient reported feeling at his baseline with chronic mild dyspnea on exertion until two weeks prior to admission . During this period he had also been weaned off of his Digoxin starting early in February . Over the two weeks prior to admission he had noticed an increasing heart rate from his baseline in the 60s to a heart rate in the 120s . He had also some increased shortness of breath and a 10 pound weight gain and new three to four pillow orthopnea with a dry cough . He denied fevers , chills , nausea or vomiting , chest pain or diaphoresis .
The patient is a 47 year old male , with end stage liver disease secondary to hepatitis C cirrhosis diagnosed about 5 years prior to admission . The patient had undergone treatment with interferon and Ribavirin . He had been admitted to the St. Margaret 's Center for Women & Infants multiple times early in 2013 for management of encephalopathy and ascites . The patient had been discharged from the St. Margaret 's Center for Women & Infants on 2013-05-06 , but was readmitted on 2013-05-09 when noted to have worsening renal function . The patient 's serum creatinine on the day of discharge , on 2013-05-06 , was 1.9 , but was noted to increase to 3.2 on 2013-05-08 , and was further elevated to 3.6 on 2013-05-09 . The patient was admitted with concern for hepatorenal syndrome .
The patient is a 37 year old lady with type 1 diabetes mellitus , who is four months postcadaveric kidney transplantation and now has good graft function . She presents for cadaveric pancreas transplantation . Her diabetes mellitus has been complicated by retinopathy and nephropathy as well as peripheral neuropathy . She takes 14 units of NPH insulin twice a day supplementing with a sliding scale .
Ms. Franklin is a 34 - year-old woman with Bipolar disorder and group home resident who by way of EMS for apparent alprazolam overdose . In the St. Margaret 's Center for Women & Infants , the patient was lethargic and unable to give a history . She was promptly intubated for airway protection and in order to administer charcoal . Patient was found at group home in am laying on floor by bed unresponsive , last seen awake 8 hours prior at dinner . Group home states that patient " may have taken too many Xanax . Patient has a history of suicidal ideations and self mutilation . Later patient told CMED CCU that she was feeling down and impulsively ingested 5 days worth of medications , she states that her intent at that time was to end her life .
The patient is a 55 - year-old male with recently diagnosed abdominal carcinomatosis . The patient presented with abdominal pain and bloating and was found to have a large omental mass . Biopsy revealed adenocarcinoma . Histochemical stains are consistent with hepatobiliary origin . Endoscopies were negative except for an extrinsic mass present on the stomach . The patient presents with increased abdominal pain and poor oral intake as well as generalized weakness . On presentation , the patient denied chest pain , shortness of breath , and cough .
45M w/no PMH presented to Chelseahospital after a syncopal episode on the morning of admission . Pt was preparing lunch when suddenly felt lightheaded / faint and immediately fell to the kitchen floor face first . He denies LOC . Immediately there after he was very short of breath , felt lightheaded again and called 911 . At Springfield , CT chest was positive for saddle PE . VS were with stable BPs , tachy to 110-120 , sat 98% RA . He received Lovenox 91 mg SC prior to transport and was transferred to Arbour Hospital for further care . Mr. Anders states that 2 weeks prior to his presentation he hurt his left knee . He was sitting on the floor legs crossed and stood up when he heard his knee CMED CCU . Then again on Sunday , 3 days PTA , again from sitting to standing heard his knee CMED CCU . He was essentially bed bound for 3 days prior to admission , unable to ambulate . He started to notice inflammation of his L calf / leg worse 2 days prior to presentation . In this 2 week interval he denied having CP / chest discomfort or difficulty breathing , no cough or hemoptysis . No f/c/ sweats . Pt denied any bleeding or clotting disorders and has never had a clot in the past .
Mr. [**Known lastname 3234**] is a 36 year old gentleman with a PMH signifciant with dilated cardiomyopathy s/p AICD, asthma, and HTN admitted to an OSH with dyspnea now admitted to the MICU after PEA arrest x2. The patient initially presented to LGH ED with hypoxemic respiratory distress. While at the OSH, he received CTX, azithromycin, SC epinephrine, and solumedrol. While at the OSH, he became confused and subsequently had an episode of PEA arrest and was intubated. He received epinephrine, atropine, magnesium, and bicarb. In addition, he had bilateral needle thoracostomies with report of air return on the left, and he subsequently had bilateral chest tubes placed.  After approximately 15-20 minutes of rescucitation, he had ROSC. He received vecuronium and was started on an epi gtt for asthma and a cooling protocol, and was then transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further evaluation. Of note, the patient was admitted to LGH in [**1-4**] for dyspnea, and was subsequently diagnosed with a CAP and asthma treated with CTX and azithromycin. Per his family, he has also had multiple admissions this winter for asthma exacerbations. . In the [**Hospital1 18**] ED, 35.3 102 133/58 100%AC 500x20, 5, 1.0 with an ABG 7.16/66/162. He had a CTH which was unremarkable. He then had a CTA chest, afterwhich he went into PEA arrest. Rescucitation last approximately 10-15 minutes with multiple rounds of epi and bicarb, with ROSC. He was then admitted to the MICU for further management. . Currently, the patient is intubated, sedated, and parlyzed.
38 yo F w/ h/o ALL in remission s/p cord transplant in [**1-13**], anthracycline-induced cardiomyopathy (EF 15-20% [**1-14**]) and recurrent nausea and vomiting who presents with abdominal pain, N/V x1 week Of note, the pt was admitted here from [**Date range (1) **] with nausea and vomitting of unclear etiology. When discharged, she was tolerating good PO and had planned f/u with neuro for ? abdominal migraine and GI for possible other contributing factors including food sensitivities and gastroparesis. In the ED, VS: 98.8 94 138/100 16 100% and [**10-15**] pain. CT A/P showed a small umbilical hernia; interval increase in size and mild fat stranding and interval increase in ascites compared to recent prior imaging.  WBC 12.4 with no left shift, bili 2.1 up from 1.1, Cr 2.7 up from 2.3.  Surgery was consulted give CT finding and did not feel there was an indication for surgery. She received iv zofran and morphine 4mg iv and 1L IVF. On arrival to the floor, patient reports [**11-14**] total body pain and nausea.  She has had ice chips today but threw them up in the ED.
64 yo woman w/ h/o recurrent PEs s/[**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 260**] filter, GIB while anticoagulated, COPD, who was discharged [**2107-1-12**] after being treated for new PE presented to the ED with SOB and productive cough. She was readmitted [**2107-1-17**] after she was found to have a multifocal pneumonia and was treated with Levo/Flagyl and Vanco. Cultures were positive for MRSA. Levo and Flagyl were continued for suspected aspiration PNA. The pt recovered quickly over since admission and she is now back on her home O2 requirement. She was getting bridged for her anticoagulation with Lovenox starting [**1-18**] in preparation for discharge.  However, she developed severe abdominal pain and a palpable mass in her L abdomen. A CT was showed a new large hematoma in the muscles of the left anterior and lateral lower abdominal and pelvic wall, without any intraperitoneal or retroperitoneal extent, but with associated mass effect on the lower abdominal and pelvic bowel loops. Surgery was [**Month/Year (2) 4221**] and suggested no intervention, but monitoring for now. HCT dropped 6 points in this setting, but she remained hemodynamically stable with tachycardia which has been present throughout her hospital stay (95-115). She required a total of 5 units PRBC and 4 units FFP transfusions and was transferred to the MICU for further monitoring.  Her hematocrit has since been stable with serial checks. . ROS: She has baseline left to mid chest pain with exertion that is not currently bothering her. She denies current chest pain, SOB, dysuria, increased urinary frequency. She has stable R knee pain.
44 yoM PMH ESRD secondary to Brights disease on HD s/p two failed renal transplants, HCV, CHF with EF 20%, AF on coumadin who presented to the ED with a two week history of diffuse abdominal pain with one day of nausea and vomiting [**2114-12-24**]. Two weeks prior to admission the patient began to experience diffuse dull abdominal pain without nausea or vomiting and loose stools 2-3 times per day. The patient believed this was secondary to fluid overload. One week prior to presentation the patient complained of subjective fevers, cough productive of yellow sputum. His nephrologist gave him a five-day course of azithromycin. The patient had persistent symptoms and was started on levofloxacin by his PCP two days prior to admission. The patient had a history of tylenol use 3g/day for 5 days prior to admission for fever, body aches. The day prior to admission the patient began to experience worsened abdominal pain associated with nausea, a few episodes of vomiting, nonbilious/nonbloody, and diarrhea 4-5 times per day, watery, nonbloody. . In the ED the patient was found to be hypotensive with lactate of 5.6 and a code sepsis was called. He was given Vanco, Flagyl and Zosyn for presumed infection. He was given Decadron for presumed adrenal insufficiency. He was also given Calcium gluconate, sodium bicarbonate, Insulin and D50 for hyperkalemia. A CVL was placed and he received 3L of NS with normalization of pressures. He was transferred to the MICU. . In the MICU the patient's LFTs were significantly elevated and peaked at ALT 3016, AST 2956, LDH [**2064**], INR 4.3 on [**12-25**]. This was thought to be secondary to shock liver in the setting of hypotension/sepsis versus tylenol toxicity despite negative serum tylenol. LFTs subsequently trending down. . Upon transfer to the floor, the patient continues to complain of cough productive of yellow sputum. Denies chest pain, shortness of breath. The patient denied any fevers/chills, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting. Diarrhea improving. Denies dysuria/hematuria; minimal urine output while on HD. Denies lightheadedness. Denies myalgias/arthralgias. Review of systems otherwise negative in detail.
43 yo male with hx of rectal CA, DMII, and histoplasmosis now presents with SVC partial thrombosis now admitted to ICU for thrombolysis. He has been undergoing XRT and 5-FU which he has be tolerating well. Over the past 2-3 weeks he has had worsening chest pain. CTA on [**1-3**] revealed no PE and he was evaluated on by his thoracic surgeon for incisional pain but it was not felt to be due to the incisions. He continued to have vague pain radiating to his shoulders and biceps bilaterally but didn't notice any facial or arm swelling. There was concern that his portacath was malfunctioning since it infused well but nursing had difficulty withdrawing from it so he was sent for portacath flow study. Study revealed no flow into the SVG with thrombus surrouding the catheter and extending beyond the catheter tip. After discussion between IR and Heme/Onc plan was made to transfer him to the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] for tPA infusion.
67 year old man 1 month s/p AVR, MVR, and CABG x 3, now with fever to 100.7, WBC 18.7, and erythema at superior aspect of wound. Pt recently had a long hospitalization following CABG and MVR/AVR([**Date range (3) 83151**]), which was complicated by post-op CVA, aflutter/afib with unsuccessful cardioversion, and a HA-pna. The pt was discharged with a trach to [**Hospital3 **], due to his inability to manage secretions. The pt did well at rehab, until [**2125-10-4**], when he developed a low-grade fever and CXR showed a new left lung base consolidation. He continued to have temps to 99, and on [**10-14**] pt was started on ceftriaxone 1g q24h. On [**10-15**] the pt was also started on vancomycin 1g q12h. Per rehab reports the pt developed confusion and RR in the high 30's. The pt was thought to be in volume overload, and was given lasix 20mg IV once on [**10-17**]. Gram stain of sputum from [**10-14**] showed 1= GPCSputum culture from [**10-14**] grew 2+ E. coli that was pansensitive. Cdiff from that date was also negative. Blood cultures from [**10-15**] showed no growth on [**10-16**]. In the ED, the pt's triage VS were: T100.7, P71 BP 185/73, RR 20, 99%. Pt had a non-con CT Chest that showed: soft tissue stranding anterior to sternum, soft tissue stranding and fluid posteriorly (4cm x 07.cm) adjacent to pericardium which may be thickened. Tmax in ED 100.9, pt received tylenol. Pt was seen by CT [**Doctor First Name **] which thought that CT findings were post-op changes, and recommended continuing vanc/ctx for presumed pna versus cellulitis. Pt admitted to MICU for further eval.
Mr. [**Known lastname 19017**] is a 69-year-old male with past medical history significant for severe COPD on home oxygen at 4L, HTN, GERD, CAD (prior NSTEMI), hyperlipidemia, h/o resistant pseudomonas PNA and chronic back pain who was brought to ED via EMS after wife noticed he had worse confusion and altered mentation this evening. Patient denies recent cough, fevers, chills or increased/discolored sputum production. Of note, he had recent ED visit on [**4-5**] for worse weakness and depression and was seen by psychiatry and SW and discharged home. Much of history collected from wife given patient's AMS. In ED a fentanyl patch was noticed on his back and he was having some slurred speech so there was concern for narcotic induced hypercarbia after initial ABG showed pH 7.28, pCO2 116, pO2 56, HCO3 57. He is also taking Ativan and Percocet at home regularly for anxiety and low back pain. He complained of some generalized weakness along with 1 week of more focal right hand weakness. Therefore, neurology was called to evaluate him in ED and his exam was non-focal. A CT head was done which was unremarkable. Neuro recommended CTA head and neck.  There was also concern for COPD flare up from possible infection as well but CXR was unremarkable for PNA. Initial vitals in ED were: T98.2F, HR 93, BP 137/77, RR 28 and O2 Saturation 99% on 6L. He was given albuterol nebs, ipratropium nebs, 125mg IV Solumedrol, 1g IV Ceftriaxone, 500mg IV Azithromycin and Naloxone .4mg x1 for presumed narcotic induced respiratory distress. He became quite agitated after Naloxone so he was given 2.5mg IV Haldol. Lactate was normal at 0.8 and he also had hyperkalemia to 5.4 range. WBC count was normal at 8.6 and Hct near baseline at 37.2. FSG was 184. Repeat ABG much improved s/p BIPAP with pH 7.36, pCO2 85, pO2 65, HCO3 50. On evaluation in the MICU, he appeared confused, somewhat agitated and was not cooperative with initial questions but then calmed down within minutes and was able to give a limited history. Speech somewhat garbled at baseline and patient was only oriented to place and year but did not know month or why exactly he was in ICU. REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: As per HPI. Limited ROS otherwise due to patient's AMS. Patient also endorses decreased appetite and wife also corroborates poor PO intake x 1 week.
55 YO female with metastatic adenocarcinoma with unknown primary on C2D1 gemcitabine/irinotecan and with malignant pleural effusions presented to [**Hospital1 18**] ED with severe R flank pain, radiating to chest.   Patient reports pain was [**9-19**] in severity.  She was otherwise asymptomatic, denying shortness of breath or coughing at presentation.  She experienced R flank pain previously for which she had applied a fentanyl patch with adequate pain control.  Of note, she has known lytic bone lesions to the R pelvis. She reports that she had not applied the fentanyl patch to the R flank recently as pain control had improved. . The patient's cancer initially presented as syncope and further work-up revealed pericardial/pleural effusion [**2181-5-10**].  The pleural fluid revealed metastatic adenocarcinoma and the pericardial fluid a well-differentiated mucinous adenocarcinoma. The patient has had 3 recent admissions: on [**5-16**] for dyspnea and [**6-6**] and [**6-14**] for dizziness/syncope.  On admission [**6-6**], the patient had pericardiocentesis and balloon pericardiotomy with removal of 520 cc of bloody fluid. [**Month/Year (2) **] on [**6-4**] showed stable loculated pericardial effusion. [**Month/Year (2) **] [**6-11**] (EF>55%) suggestive of pericardial constriction, although unchanged in size since prior admission. . During admission on [**6-14**], cardiology team saw the patient and recommended trial of low dose beta blocker for rate control; a pericardial window was not performed because the effusion was determined to be stable and symptoms thought to be related to dehydration and tachycardia.  Subsequent CT of the torso did not reveal a primary source but did reveal bony lytic lesions in the right ischium and bilateral ilia concerning for metastatic disease. She also underwent an upper and lower endoscopy without evidence of a  primary lesion. Considering pericardial and pleural fluid pathology, a subtle gastric or pancreatico/biliary tumor was suspected and the patient was started on gemcitabine/irinotecan.  Her last dose of chemotherapy was yesterday 8/2 per patient. Chemotherapy was begun on [**2181-6-15**]. . Pt. presented to ED with tachycardia above baseline in 130s to 140s.  Patient has h/o resting tachycardia 115-120. Electrocardiogram in the ED showed sinus tachycardia unchanged from prior.  Radiography showed reaccumulation of pulmonary edema and CT of the chest showed no acute changes.  A therapeutic thoracentesis was performed of 2200 mL of dark maroon right pleural fluid.  In addition, after the procedure, the patient complained of increased shortness of breath increased from baseline, patient's O2 saturation was in the 90s. The patient was administered Lasix (40 mg X1) in the ED with subsequent improvement of respiratory function.  In ED patient was administered vancomycin 1 g, ondasetron 2 mg twice, and 4 doses of morphine sulfate 4 mg. Patient was admitt-ed to ICU for pain control and management of tachycardia in setting of pleural effusions.
Mr. [**Known lastname 14611**] is a 49 year old male with a history of type II diabetes, charcot's foot s/p multiple surgeries, and previous MRSA infection who presented to his podiatrist on [**2149-2-21**] with two days of nausea, vomiting (clear, non-bilious, non bloody) , productive cough (sputum color not noted), fatigue, and pain and redness of his left foot.  He was found to have a draining wound (approximately 1 cm in width x 1 cm in depth) on his left lower leg, just superior to the lateral malleolus with an area of surrounding cellulitis. He was transferred to the Emergency Department for treatment with IV antibiotics, and observation. Of note is that the patient missed his last four doses of lantus insulin, due to running out of medication. . In the ED his vitals were: T 99.3, HR 102, BP 134/74, R 18, and O2 sat 100% on room air.  Labs were drawn and significant for a glucose of 377, Anion Gap of  24, lactate of 1.2 and ketones in this urine, consistent with Diabetic Ketoacidosis. He was given 6 units of insulin, 2 liters of IV fluid, a dose of Vancomycin x1 (for cellulitis), and a percocet in the ED and transferred to the MICU for further management of his DKA and infection. . In the MICU he was treated with his 5th liter of normal saline and started on an insulin drip. He was continued on Vancomycin and started on Zosyn. He was stable with a heart rate of  77 and a blood pressure of 140/66. Podiatry reported that plain film imaging showed "interval osteolysis adjacent to the fixation screws that is suggestive of infection or interval losening". Blood and swab cultures were obtained, and a urine culture was negative for growth. Mr. [**Known lastname 14611**] developed skin reactions in the MICU on his back and neck, consistent with a similar exanthem his developed in [**2148-10-12**] during his previous admission and was seen by dermatology. He  was subsequently admitted to the [**Doctor Last Name **] B service of CC7.
This is a 63 year old male withchronic obstructive pulmonary disease, status post multiple recent admissions for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flares, status post recent discharge from [**Hospital3 **] [**Hospital **] [**First Name (Titles) **] [**Last Name (Titles) **] on [**5-16**], when he was intubated in the Medicine Intensive Care Unit for a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flare.  The patient was doing well at home according to his wife, until early in the evening of admission when he complained of shortness of breath which did not respond to inhalers.  The patient says he tried his nebulizer in the bathroom as he was getting more short of breath.  It did not help.  He then took a shower and felt more short of breath after that.  The patient called 911.  He was intubated in the field for air movement and respiratory distress, with minimal breath sounds reported and somnolence, however, his oxygen saturation was 90 percent on room air. In the Emergency Department, the patient was initially started on a Propofol drip which dropped his dropped his blood pressure from 167/104 to the 90s.  He was then given approximately 5 liters of intravenous fluids.  He also received Solu-Medrol and Levofloxacin.  In the Emergency Department, a femoral line was placed, given his low blood pressure and he was started on Dopamine for the hypotension. The patient arrived at the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] stated and easily ventilated with the ventilator. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on 4 liters of home oxygen, status post multiple admissions for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flares, status post multiple intubations, status post a history of tracheostomy color. Hypertension. Hyperlipidemia. Coronary artery disease, status post multiple myocardial infarctions, most recently an NSTE myocardial infarction in [**2102-4-6**]. Chronic low back pain, status post L1-2 laminectomy. Steroid-induced hyperglycemia. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Combivent, Flovent, Lipitor, Aspirin, Prednisone 40 on a taper, Metoprolol 25 b.i.d., Lisinopril 5 once a day, Calcium, Vitamin B, Colace, Percocet and Protonix. ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies. SOCIAL HISTORY:  The patient has a 28 pack year smoking history.  He has quit.  He is married.  He has rare ethyl alcohol. FAMILY HISTORY:  His mother had [**Name (NI) 2481**] and asthma. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION:  Temperature 100.4, heart rate 79, blood pressure 100/42, respiratory rate 20, oxygen saturation 95 percent.  This was on his control at 480 by 20, 40 percent FIO2 and 5 of positive end-expiratory pressure. General:  This was a chronically ill-appearing gentleman. Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat:  He had edematous sclera. Pupils equal, round and reactive to light.  Mucous membranes were dry.  Heart was regular rate and rhythm, normal S1, tachycardiac.  Lungs:  Essentially clear to auscultation with occasional rhonchi.  Abdomen was soft, nontender, nondistended with positive bowel sounds.  Extremities were without cyanosis, clubbing or edema.  There was a right femoral line in place.  The patient was sedated and intubated. LABORATORY DATA:  White blood count was 11.8, hematocrit 40.9, platelets 228, INR 1.1, urinalysis was negative for infection.  Sodium was 138, potassium 4.0, bicarbonate 27, BUN 28, creatinine 1, glucose 187.  Blood gas after intubation 7.23, 74, 476.  Lactate was 2.4.  Chest x-ray showed the endotracheal tube in good position, tortuous aorta, emphysematous changes with no evidence of pneumonia or failure.  An electrocardiogram was sinus tachycardiac at 130 without any acute ST changes with enlarged P waves in 2, 3 and AVF. HOSPITAL COURSE:  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/respiratory failure - The patient carries the diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with multiple admissions and intubations, all of which seemed to resolve rather quickly once the patient was intubated.  This one was similar.  Within 24 hours after admission the patient was easily extubated and did quite well after that, making great improvement, back to his baseline within two days.  It was felt that this is not consistent with either an asthma attack or a true chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation or infection.  There is concern that some other process was causing the patient's acute episodes of shortness of breath.  In fact, it is not clear the extent of his respiratory distress when he was intubated in the field, initially even though he was oxygenating well and had poor breath sounds at baseline.  The patient was treated with high- dose steroids initially as well as q. 4 hour nebulizer inhalers.  However, his lungs have been clear almost immediately upon admission.  Because of concern that there might be airway collapse contributing, the patient underwent a computerized tomography scan which was designed to look for tracheomalacia.  The computerized tomography scan was misprotocoled and this could not be evaluated.  There was a suspicion that there might be left main stem bronchus collapse during expiration and it was read as probable distal tracheomalacia.  The patient was provided with a BiPAP machine and teaching.  He responded very well to this at nighttime.  It was suggested that he use the BiPAP at nighttime and as needed when he feels short of breath and his shortness of breath is not helped by his usual nebulizers. The hope is that this might prevent him from needing to call 911 and from repeated intubations.  The patient did receive one dose of Levofloxacin, however, there is no sign of infection and this antibiotic was discontinued. Hypotension - The patient was initially hypotensive in the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**].  This was after receiving Propofol and then other sedating medications.  He required pressors briefly for Dopamine which increased his heart rate and made him tachycardiac.  He was then switched to Levophed.  It was felt this was all in the setting of sedating medications as well as ventilator positive end-expiratory pressure as the patient did not actually appear septic at any time, he has had all of that quite well and was normotensive once he was extubated, in fact, on discharge he was restarted on his blood pressure medications. Hypertension - The patient has hypertension as an outpatient at baseline.  His Metoprolol and ACE inhibitor were held. Initially they were restarted on the day of discharge. Coronary artery disease - The patient has a coronary artery disease history.  He was continued on his Aspirin and his Lipitor during the admission.  In the setting of hypotension, he did have some hyperacute T waves on electrocardiogram. His enzymes were cycled and they were negative for infarction.  As noted, his Metoprolol and ACE inhibitor were restarted prior to discharge. Renal failure - Initially the patient presented with elevated lactate and slightly elevated creatinine but these corrected quickly with fluids. Prophylaxis - The patient was continued on a proton pump inhibitors as well as with heparin subcutaneously while in the hospital.  He was then ambulatory by the day of discharge. Code status - The patient confirmed that he is a full code. DISPOSITION:  The patient will be discharged to home with his usual services.  He will also be provided with a BiPAP machine for use as described above.  The patient should follow up with both his primary care physician and Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 575**] within the next one to two weeks. DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS:  Resumed medications as before including a taper of Prednisone. Call your primary doctor or the Emergency Department with any concerns for shortness of breath, chest pain, nausea or vomiting. See your primary doctor, Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 122**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 8499**] within one week. See Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 575**] within two weeks. Use BiPAP machine at night and if you feel your shortness of breath is worsening and your inhalers are not improving your symptoms.
44yo autoimmune hepatitis and transplant presented for AMS at [**Hospital1 **] senior healthcare at [**Location (un) **]. Finger stick was 50 so got D50, was combative and screaming in ED so got 10mg haldol, tried NGT and desatted so decided to intubate for airway protection given degree of AMS. Then got lactulose by NGT, got CTX 2g, Vanc 1g. Nothing tapable on bedside U/S. CT abdomen no acute process, no significant ascites.  Got head CT which was negative. Got limited portal doppler stud which was unchanged from prior w/ known portal vein thrombosis. No family present so far. . In the ED, initial vs were: T  P 106 BP 90/54 R O2 sat 100% CMV TV 550, 14, PEEP 5 FiO2 100%.  UOP 1400cc since foley placed which was around 9 hours ago.
77M history of schizophrenia, neurogenic bladder presenting from NH with ACS with resuscitation at [**Hospital1 2177**] 1 month ptp, brought in by EMS due to hypoxia, concern for PNA at nursing home. The patient is schizophrenic per history and is unable to provide a history of his own.  Per discussion with the floor nurse from his nursing home, a CXR was obtained 4 days prior to admission for a cough that was consistent with a pneumonia.  He was started on a Z-pack.  One day prior to admission, he developed tachypnea and started to desaturated in the the low 80's.  EMS were call and he was stat low 90's on a NRB.  He was brought in by Ambulance. In the ED, initial VS were T 99, HR 120, BP 104/79, RR 24 satting 92% on NRB.  Labs showed WBC of 10.1, HCT of 43, plts 305.  LFTs showed AP of 214 otherwise WNL.  Coags were WNL.  CMP showed hypernatremia of 150, Cl of 112, BUN 33, with rest of BMP in normal range,  Lactate was 2.1, and valproate level was 27. ABG was checked and pH was 7.51, pCO2 of 28, pO2 of 72.  Given tachypnea and hypoxemia as well as high work of breathing, patient was intubated with fentanyl and midazolam for sedation. Noted was food in oropharynx/larynx per ED resident on intubation.  His CXR showed a questionable aspiration pneumonia as well as possible LLL process. CT scan showed bilateral PE and likely pneumonia.  He was empricially provided with levofloxacin, metronidazole, and vancomycin. His blood pressure dropped to 70/40 just before transfer to the ICU. After an 3 additional 3L NS SBP increased to 100's.
76 year old female with h/o hypothyoidism, HTN/HLP, AAA repair in past with notable known lung adenoCA and new RLL lung mass which has enlarged in size over the last 4 months, being followed by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] in oncology, was discharged yesterday after admission for bronchoscopy, c/b pneumothorax for which a pigtail was placed (removed at time of discharge). Tonight was home, noted to have increased cough with rusty colored sputum and fever to 102. Also seemed to be more lethargic to family members. FSG 97 for EMS. Sats low 90's on 3L nc. . ED Course: Initial Vitals/Trigger: 102, 97/37, 17, 94% 6L nc. Chest xray notable for possible increased patchy opacity R lung. Labs notable for WBC 16.7 (N 82.2), Na 128, Creat 2.1, lactate 0.9, Hct 29.2. UA wnl. Sputum, blood, and urine cultures sent. She was given 3L IVF NS, and started on empiric IV abx coverage with cefepime 1g, vancomycin 1g, and levofloxacin 750mg IV. She received benadryl for extremity erythema and itching during peri-administration with vancomycin - slowed rate of infusion as well. She received tylenol for fever 102 in the ED. IP fellow was notified about re-presentation. Admission Vitals: 90, 91/25, 12, 93% 5L nc. Access: 18G x2. Received 3L NS IVF. . On arrival to the ICU, pt is sedated secondary to benadryl (per daughter) but easily arousable. Daughter says that mental status improved after IVF and abx administration in the ED with increased somnolence after IV benadryl administration. Daughter and pt confirm the above story. .
Mr. [**Known lastname 7842**] is a 47 year old male who presented to OSH with left sided chest pain, dizziness and diaphoresis while showering. CTA revealed Type A aortic dissection. He was emergently med flighted to the [**Hospital1 18**] for surgical intervention.
61 yo man w/ h/o rectal CA and HTN who presents c/o diarrhea x 5 days (started on [**9-30**]). Patient reports persistent, non-bloody, watery diarrhea every 10-30 minutes.  Denies abdominal pain, fever, chills, N/V, cough, rash, dysuria, sick contacts, or recent travel.  No recent medication changes, no antibiotics recently.  Has not eaten in restaraunts recently.  H/o similar diarrhea in the past which he says was due to chemo. . In the ED, patient's lactate was initially 4.0 and he was tachycardic at 110.  Normotensive at 124/80.  Apparently, he refused central line (sepsis protocol).  Received IVF through peripheral IV, and repeat lactate was 2.4.  His HR also stabilized in the 80's.  BP remained normal.  While in the ED, he spiked to 101.3 so he was given Cefepime, vanco, and flagyl. CT of the abdomen and he was admitted to OMED for further observation. .
86yo man with h/o CAD, DM2, HTN, CRI, mild pancytopenia, admitted from NH after diarrhea x3d, weakness and falls x1d, found in the ED to have profound hypothermia to 87 degrees, bradycardia to 25 bpm, BP 90/palp, hypoxia to 88% on NRB. Was given atropine in ED with poor HR response; given warmed IVF and bear hugger with good temperature response. In ED, also received 2 units PRBCs for anemia, Vanc and Levaquin for possible sepsis. Was sent to the MICU for eval and treatment.
Ms. [**Known lastname 87445**] is a 45F with schizoaffective disorder, polysubstance dependence, and SAH s/p coiling L MCA aneurysm [**2130-7-2**] and repeat coiling for recannalization on [**9-20**], [**2129**] who initially presented to OSH ED with sore throat x 1 week.  Neck X-ray was performed and revealed possible thickened epiglottis but she left the ED AMA prior to finalized [**Location (un) 1131**]. She then returned to the OSH ED at approximately 10pm with new onset stridor and hoarseness. She was also noted to be altered with slurred speech and there was concern for intoxication. She was intubated with a 7-0 ETT for airway protection with emesis noted post-intubation.  CT neck reportedly revealed thickened epiglottis and CT head was negative for acute process. She received Ceftriaxone, Decadron 10mg IV, and was transferred here by [**Location (un) 7622**]. She received pancuronium, 4mg IV versed, 4mg IV ativan at OSH. Labs there remarkable for ABG 7.40/53/75, WBC 4.6. In [**Hospital1 18**] ED, initial vs were: 98.6 77 101/76 16 96%. She was given propofol for sedation. CXR confirmed ETT placement. ENT was consulted and epiglottis was visualized and felt to be slightly inflamed. They recommended continuing dex 10mg IV q8 and antibiotics and plan for extubation when has cuff leak. Neurosurgery was also notified. VS prior to transfer: 98.6 113/74 72 16 100% on AC FiO2 100% Vt500 RR16 PEEP 5. On the floor, she is intubated and sedated.
The patient was unable to participate in interview with me. This note is based heavily on the information gathered by the ED physicians and the Neurologist who consulted in the ED.  Mr. [**Known lastname 62523**] is a 56-year-old man with a history of alcohol abuse with recent admission for presumed Wernicke encephalopathy, alcohol withdrawal who presented from his skilled nursing/rehab center for agitation after being discharged from [**Hospital1 18**] two days ago. At the rehab facility, the patient spent the last 24 hours in severe agitation that required 4-point restraints and multiple chemical restraints in order for him to calm down. According to the Neurologist in the ED, he was disoriented, tachycardic, agitated, and diaphoretic in the setting of presumed 3 days abstinence from benzos. Mr. [**Known lastname 62523**] had some restriction in eye movements but no gaze deviation and no lateralizing signs at this point. Neurology believes withdrawal is the most likely etiology. If fevers develop, he may require a lumbar puncture. such as infection  Metabolic derangements, drug overdose, hepatic failure, and gastrointestinal bleeding can also mimic or coexist with withdrawal. In the absence of complications, symptoms can persist for up to seven days. Additionally as he does not seem to have full abduction of his eyes, Neurology recommends continuing on IV thiamine for presumed Wernicke's. Given that the mammillary bodies are enriched with dopamine receptors, would avoid Haldol as this may exacerbate his Wernicke Korsakoff's pathology.
The patient is a 64-year-oldmale with known ST elevation, MI, status post elective cath complicated by hypotension and bradycardia who was transferred to CCU for observation.  The patient initially presented to [**Hospital3 417**] Medical Center on [**2163-1-14**] with chest pain radiating to the jaw.  He was found to have increased troponin of 1.76, was given Nitroglycerin and remained pain free over the next three days at the outside hospital on Aspirin, Plavix and Nitroglycerin prn.  He was then transferred to [**Hospital1 69**] for elective catheterization on [**2163-1-17**].  The catheterization showed double occlusion of PDA, no intervention was done. The patient was transferred to post-op area where he became hypotensive after continuous pressure to his groin was applied in order to stop the bleeding from the femoral artery.  The patient was noticed to have groin hematoma and angiocele was attempted.  He was also given 40 mg of Protamine in order to stop the bleeding.  At this time he became hypotensive.  This was thought to be secondary to vagal reflux.  He was given IV fluids and Dopamine after which he developed upper body pruritic rash.  Because of the concern for anaphylaxis secondary to dye Protamine, the patient was given 120 mg of Solu-Medrol and Benadryl as well as Promethazine and Pepcid.  CT of the head and abdomen were obtained in order to rule out retroperitoneal or head bleeding.  Both were negative.  Vascular surgery was consulted and the patient was transferred to the CCU. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for lung cancer.  The patient had left lung cancer in [**2147**] and right lung cancer in [**2155**], both resected.  He also had a brain metastasis thought to be due to left lung cancer in [**2149**], prostatic cancer diagnosed in [**2160**].  Also has a history of hypertension, peripheral vascular disease and hypercholesterolemia. ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies. MEDICATIONS:  On admission, Aspirin 325 mg, Lipitor 10 mg, Lisinopril 20 mg, Serax [**11-14**] q 8 hours prn, Percocet 1-2 tabs q 4-6 hours, Dilantin extended release 400 mg q a.m., 300 mg q p.m., Compazine prn, Simethicone prn, Lopressor 12.5 mg [**Hospital1 **]. SOCIAL HISTORY:  The patient has a history of 30 pack year smoking, quit in [**2162-2-26**], alcohol occasional use. FAMILY HISTORY:  Noncontributory. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Heart rate 64, blood pressure 141/65, temperature 97.2, respirations 18, O2 saturation 98% on three liters.  General, no acute distress, somnolent, oriented times two, oropharynx dry, mucosal membranes dry, sclera anicteric.  JVP at 6-7 cm of water.  Regular rhythm and rate, S1 and S2, no murmurs, rubs or gallops.  Pulmonary exam clear to auscultation anteriorly.  Abdomen soft, nontender, non distended.  Extremities, moderate sized hematoma of the left groin, dopplerable PT bilaterally and dorsal pedal pulse on the right, foot only.  Echocardiogram showed ejection fraction more than 55% and basal inferior hypokinesis.  White cell count 10.2, hematocrit 39.5, platelet count 247,000, sodium 137, potassium 3.9, chloride 106, CO2 19, BUN 15, creatinine 0.6, glucose 166.  ABG 7.26, 48, 113.  EKG showed ST elevations in V1 to V3, improved with Nitroglycerin. Catheterization showed occluded left posterior descending artery and non obstructive LAD with non dominant RCA. HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the CCU for observation and treatment of possible anaphylactic reaction. Solu-Medrol and Nitro were continued over the next 24 hours. The patient's mental status cleared the next morning.  His hematoma continued to ooze slowly and the patient was transferred to the regular floor for observation of his hematoma overnight.  Duplex ultrasound of left femoral artery was done and showed no evidence of pseudoaneurysm or an AV fistula.  Over the 24 hours prior to discharge his hematoma remained stable with no symptoms or signs of bleeding.  The patient remained symptom free during his hospital stay.  He was discharged to home on [**2163-1-19**] in good condition on cardiac diet, on the following medications. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Imdur 20 mg once a day, Dilantin 300 mg q p.m., 400 mg q a.m., Lopressor 12.5 mg [**Hospital1 **], Lisinopril 20 mg q d, Lipitor 10 mg q d, Aspirin 325 mg q d and Nitroglycerin sublingual tablets prn.  The patient is to follow-up with his cardiologist, Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 7047**] within 7 days after discharge.
The patient is a 59 yo woman s/p gastric bypass c/b bowel obstruction and ventral hernia repairs who presents with black tarry stools for one day.  The patient was in her usual state of health until the afternoon of [**8-27**], when she started to have crampy abdominal pain and the urge to defecate while driving home from work.  She subsequently had 4-5 episodes of large volume, dark brown, tarry, malodorous stool over several hours. These bowel movements also contained small streaks of maroon colored blood.  She had some transient lightheadedness after her first bowel movement, but no LOC, palpiations, or CP.  She also denies any nausea, vomiting, or retching.  She had no changes in her stool color, consistency, or caliper prior to the onset of melena, and s/p gastric bypass had no symptoms dumping syndrome. She has had no known sick contacts, or recent weight loss, fevers or chills.  She  has a recent history of starting an NSAID, Voltaren, for OA pain several months ago.  She has had EGD in the distant past, but has not ever had a colonoscopy. . ED Course:  On arrival to the E.D., the patient had no abominal pain, and was no longer having large-volume stools.  She did have several additional small volume black stools over the day on [**8-28**].  She was tachycardic to the 110s, SBP to 140s, which improved with IVF.  Her Hct was found to be 31, down from a baseline of 39 by patient report.  She was found to have brown stool, guaiac positive.  She had a negative NG lavage.  She was started on an IV PPI and transferred to the floor.
This is a 39 year-old male with a history of cerebral palsy, chronic aspiration, GERD, ? ulcerative colitis who presents with low grade temps at home, cough, abdominal pain.  He is accompanied by his mother.  [**Name (NI) **] had a colonoscopy on [**3-17**] to evaluate for IBD, with fairly normal appearing bowel but biopsies are pending.  Afterwards, he was constipated, but then started have very loose stools yesterday and today.  He has had low grade temps, about 100 at home.  Also, his mother states his cough seems to be worse lately.  He has also been complaining of abdominal pain as well.  He gets his nutrition via his G-tube at home.  Also of note, he recently completed a course of azithromycin for a skin boil. . In the ED, inital vitals were 101.2, 140, 113/79, 28, 92%RA.  He was given a total of 3L IVFs in the ED with  improvement of his tachycardia.  He was also given morphine and zofran in the ED. Subsequently, his SBP dropped to the 80s and high 70s, and was not improving with IVFs.  He was started on peripheral dopamine. There were lengthy discussions with the family regarding a central line, but they did not want one at this time.  His CXR was concerning for a LLL consolidation.  He underwent CT abdomen/pelvis which did not show any specific findings, but did show some inflammation of the rectum and ? prostatitis.  Rectal exam did not show e/o tenderness of his prostate. He was given vancomycin, flagyl, and gentamicin in the ED.  He has multiple abx allergies. He was then transferred to the ICU for further monitoring. . ROS: the patient has limited communication at baseline.  Denies pain at this time.
This is a 53 year-old gentleman with HCV cirrhosis and refractory lymphoblastic lymphoma/ALL on rituximab and prednisone who presents with altered mental status. His mother found him this morning with increased lethargy and complaining of diffuse back pain. The back pain was unchanged from his usual back pain, secondary to his ALL, and was not relieved by morphine or methadone. He was recently admitted to the BMT service from [**11-27**] until [**12-1**] for fevers and progressive ALL. Infectious work-up was unremarkable and his fevers were atrributed to a reaction to platelet transfusion. Of note, he had another admission earlier in [**Month (only) **] at which point he developed a strep viridans line infection (from PICC line)-- the PICC line was removed, he was treated with a course of PCN G which was changed to augmentin at his last admission with the last dose due either yesterday or today. After finding him this morning, his mother brought him back to 7 [**Hospital Ward Name 1826**] today for readmission and an ambulance was called from there to bring him to the ED. . In the ED, initial vitals were T 98.3, BP 122/83, HR 100, RR 12, 100% on 4L. He was sleepy but A+O x3. Pt was noted to be very uncomfortable, complaining of back pain. While in the ED, he became more delirious, writhing around in bed, refusing pain medications, and perseverating on wanting to get out of bed to urinate. Pt was intubated for CT head and abdomen. Spiked temp to 101.8 rectally but remained hemodynamically stable. He was given ceftriaxone, vanco, and acyclovir for empiric meningitis coverage. LP was deferred given platelet count of 14. CT head was negative and CT abdomen was notable for slightly worsened ascites, new bibasilar opacities. Attempts to place OGT and foley were unsuccessful and patient was noted to only have 40cc of UOP while in the ED. . ROS: Unable to obtain.
This is an 81 year old male who was transferred from an OSH on [**2112-3-30**], POD 15 from a left colectomy for a lower GI bleed. (8 units of RBC transfused).  On POD 8, the patient had an anastamotic leak and underwent a Hartmann's procedure with creation of an ascending colostomy.  His post operative course was subsequently complicated by acute renal failure, small peripheral pulmonary emboli, HIT positivity on argatroban, and atrial fibrillation aon an amiodarone drip.
Ms. [**Known lastname **] is a 44yo F with ETOH abuse, HCV, h/o IVDA presented to OSH with intermittent hematemasis and on [**2140-7-14**] is for TIPS. Pt has been having black tarry stools and hematemasis since [**2140-7-11**]. At OSH, initial hct 31, INR 1.9, TB 3.2, AST 99, ALT 41, alk phos 99,plt 43,000, ETOH 173. Pt was given vitamin K 10mg SC and was admitted and started on octreotide. Pt received 2 units PRBC for hct 25.9 and 6 bags of platelets for platelets of 37K on [**7-15**]. Pt underwent EGD [**7-15**] and showed 4 grade [**3-12**] distal esophageal varices, which were banded and there was a concern for a couple of gastric varices. On day of admission, she had 400cc of melanotic stools with clots, and her hct was noted to have dropped from 33.5 to 18 with SBP in 70s. Pt was given 4 units PRBC, central line placed and was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for TIPS. . Currently, denies any n/v, abdominal pain, chest pain, or sob.
70yo woman with long smoking history, 1ppd for many years, decreased to [**1-11**] ppd in the last month, none in the last 4 days; comes in with four days of cough and progressive shortness of breath.  Rigors, chills, sweats 2 days ago. She presented to the [**Hospital3 **] ED, where initial vitals were 97.4 90/55 91 26 78% on RA. Cr 7.1, K+ 5.1 (without EKG changes), lactate 5.3. Creatinine up to 7.1, BUN 120. ABG there w/ pH 7.33. Sent here. In the ED, initial VS were: 97.6 85 109/56 26 90% 15L venti. WBC down to 1.2. Lungs decreased at right base, but no wheezing. Added levofloxacin for coverage of severe CAP. Long-time smoker. Vitals prior to transfer 81 16 93% on venti mask at 50% 107/51. Has two 18G for access. > 10# decrease in weight in the past month; not trying to lose weight, has not been hungry.  Denies history of previous kidney problems.  [**Name (NI) **] hx of requiring oxygen or nebulizers in the past. On arrival to the MICU, the patient was on a non-rebreather mask in no distress or discomfort, but having 1 sentence dyspnea. She was alert and oriented.
68 F with ESRD on HD, CHF with EF 15%, CAD s/p CABG, Afib on coumadin, admit from ED with significantly elevated INR now s/p 4 units FFP. Patient reports being in her usual state of health with exception of mild diarrhea starting yesterday. Patient reports daughter gave her a medication for this. On [**9-14**], INR checked and noted to be 8.6. During HD today, INR rechecked and greater than assay. Initial BP 81/36, post BP 93/50 (range 73-93). Hgb 9.2. Other than diarrhea, patient has been feeling well. No abdominal pain, fever, chest pain, bloody stools, epistaxis, hematemesis or other e/o bleeding; no dyspnea, though feels "wheezy" following FFP, feels like she got too much fluid. No dysuria though has had "dark urine". . In ED, vitals 98.4, HR 72, BP initially 76/40, R20, 100% on 4L. Started on 4 units FFP, received 5 vit D SQ and 5 IV. Hct 32 (at baseline). 3pm labs pending. Likely to dialysis tomorrow. Ace and B-blocker have been held. . Hospital course: s/p 4 U FFP. Hct stable w/o source of bleed. BP now in 90s.
This is an 84 y/o female recently dx with AML on supportive treatment only, on coumadin for atrial fibrillation and h/o TIA, who presented to the ED with c/o maroon-colored stools x 6 days and fatigue with SOB x several days. Pt noted blood also mixed in with stool, but denies any increase in frequency of stool. No abd pain, n/v/hematemesis or other changes in bowel habits. . In the ED, labs were significant for a Hct of 15.8, WBC of 45.8, and INR of 7.7. Maroon stool, guiac positive in rectum but NG lavage negative. Pt was hemodynamically stable throughout. She was given 1 U PRBC, 2 U FFP, and 5 mg SC vit K. GI was consulted in the ED and feels this may be a LGIB, but also could be a UGIB. Conversation with PCP and family lead to decision of tagged RBC scan to attempt localization of site in an effort to avoid invasive procedures, including EGD/colonoscopy given comorbid conditions. Tagged RBC scan demonstrated brisk bleeding from the cecum. . Currently, pt fatigued, but otherwise denies other sx including LH/dizziness, h/a, vision changes, URI sx, SOB/palpitations/chest pain, abd pain, n/v, weakness/numbness/loss of sensation, dysuria. No further BM's since yesterday.
Ms. [**Known lastname 83237**] is an 88 yo RH woman with a pMH remarkable for HTN, CHF and LBD on coumadin (parox AF) p/w a fall 24h prior to admission at [**Hospital1 18**]. She fell from her rocking chair and struck the LEFT side of her head and LEFT hand yesterday at noon. She did not loose her consciousness (as per nurse who saw her in her chair 1 minute prior to falling). She is usually having falls when attempting to walk with her walker. She did have a bilateral hip replacement and a subsequent LEFT femoral fracture (with residual internal hip rotation) that impairs her gait (for 2 years). She remained in the [**Hospital3 **] facility, but started to become confused. She was taken to [**Hospital3 4107**] today at around 11:00 am, where she received a CT scan that showed a small (1. 3cm) left frontal intraparenchimal bleed without a midline shift, not open to the ventricles, no data of hydrocephalus. At [**Hospital1 **] her VS were stable. At the time she was confused.  She had an INR of 2.97 and received vitamin K 10 mg iv without complications. Once at [**Hospital1 18**] ED, her VS were  98.6F, 70 bpm, 161/ 71, 16RR, So2 100% in RA. She was alert and oriented *3. Pleasant and cooperative with the ED team. She received FFP and a new CT CNS and C-spine scan w/o contrast that showed. The family denies any previous episodes with focal deficits eventually resolving. Sh ehas been having viual hallucinations for 24 months. Those are well formed (people). She talks to them, but they do not reply. She has been seeing her husband lately (he passed the way 6 months ago).
49yo M currently at HRI [**Location (un) **] (rehab center) in a dual diagnosis unit for depression/ETOH detox admitted with AMS over the last 2 days. The patient completed treatment for EtOH withdrawal with Librium on [**7-11**]. He was noted to have increasing confusion, visual hallucinations (angels), and was not oriented to place. He was transferred here for evaluation of AMS. No h/o fevers, chills, head trauma, . VS on presentation to ED: 97.3 83 108/85 15 100. He was confused on exam in ED. UA and Utox were positive for benzos. Ammonia level 32. EKG showed NSR, no ischemic changes. CXR was negative. CT head was negative. Pt has baseline myoclonic jerking from Familial Myoclonus. He received Valium 5mg, Ativan 2mg, and a nicotine patch in the ED. Prior to transfer to the floor, vitals were: 83, 103/70, 15, 100% . On the floor, vitals were: 96 110/80 86 14 99RA. The patient was agitated and kept asking where his cigarettes were. He was paranoid and accused staff members of throwing his cigarettes away. He was not oriented to place. He left the floor and a Code Purple was called. He calmed down after administration of 2mg IV Ativan. The patient was placed in restraints and is currently lying in bed.
Pt is a 87 y/o male with extensive past medical history who was recently discharged after admission for possible meningitis/altered mental status. During that admission the patient was found to be a significant aspiration risk and a G-tube was placed by interventional radiology. He was discharged to [**Hospital **] rehab in good condition off all antibiotics on [**7-4**]. He presents today after a routine CXR was performed at [**Hospital **] rehab which demonstrated free intra-abdominal air beneath the right hemidiaphragm. The patient was subsequently transfered to [**Hospital1 18**] for evaluation. At the time of presentation he was in no acute distress, without complaints of pain, nausea/vomiting, fever/chills.  He had a suprapubic catheter which was functioning appropriately as well as a flexi-seal rectal tube which was collecting appropriate volumes of stool.
Ms. [**Known lastname **] is an 86yo woman with h/o recent stroke who was transferred from [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 1188**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] after being found to have a low hematocrit. There was no reported bleeding and she was without complaint. Per review of notes in the chart, there was no preceeding diarrhea or vomiting. She does not have any endoscopies or colonoscopies in the [**Hospital1 **] record.  Pt denies abd pain but hx limited by her aphasia/non-verbal status.  Per PCP and family, [**Name9 (PRE) 79134**] invasive treatment/work-up is preferred as long as there is no significant GI bleed. . She was taken to [**Hospital1 18**] ED where her VS were stable, Hct 17.4, and she was noted to have guaiac +, formed, brown stool.  Coags wnl at 1.2.  Also had sodium 151, which has since resolved w/ D5W IF.  Pt was given 2uRBCs, including that given in MICU. She spent 1 day in MICU where her Hct bumped back to 17.4->27.7 o/n. She was seen by GI who recommended conservative rx w/ PPI and prn transfusions.
This is a 82 year-old Spanish speaking female with a history of CAD s/p recent BMS to RCA, type II DM, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation admitted following a fall.  Pt was recently hospitalized [**Date range (1) 34801**] from the cardiology service with NSTEMI and had a BMS to RCA and new atrial fibrillation.  She was started on antiplatelet therapy and started on anticoagulation.  Pt notes that she has been having fatigue and lethargy dating back to this hospitalization. This AM she woke up to use the bathroom, when she felt her "balance was off" and fell.  Fall witnessed by her husband.  She hit her head on falling.  She denies prodromes of lightheadedness, palpitations, or chest pain.  No LOC.  Per her daughter, she fell 2 days prior, attributed to poor balance, resulting in trauma to her right foot.  She notes poor PO intake for 1 week due to poor appetite.  Denies nausea, vomitting, or loose stools.  Notes constipation and is currently on "laxatives."  +Increasing cold intolerance.  Also with dysuria and chills dating back to prior admission. In the field found to have FSG 30, given 1 amp D50.  FSG 51 on arrival to ED.  Given another 1 amp D50, serum glucose subsequently 256.  In the ED, hypothermic to T 32, started on beg hugger.  Also with hyponatremia to 120, given 2 L warmed NS. Also given ceftriaxone 1 gm for concern for sepsis without clear source given hypothermia and hypoglycemia.  Imaging notable for CT abd/pelv without acute process, CT head and neck notable for retrolisthesis of C5-C6 of unclear acuity.  Seen by spine c/s in ED and c-spine cleared.  Decadron 10 mg given for ?adrenal insufficiency. ROS: The patient denies any fevers, weight change, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea, melena, hematochezia, chest pain, shortness of breath, orthopnea, PND, lower extremity edema, cough, urinary frequency, urgency, lightheadedness, focal weakness, vision changes, headache, rash or skin changes.
76 year old female with h/o IPF on chronic prednisone, COPD with trach, CHF, mechanical mitral valve, pacemaker, and anemia who presents with several days of worsening dysypnea, peripheral edema, and fatigue. She reports difficulty walking very short distances due to SOB and lightheadness frequently. She reports [**2-28**] pillow orthopnea that remains unchanged from baseline. She reports frequent productive cough that occasionally is bloody, last bloody sputum was this morning. She reports frequency of cough and sputum production is same as baseline. She believes she has had an unknown amount of weight gain.  Peripheral edema fluctuates in severity. She denies changes in bowel habits and denies changes in urination. She denies changes in appetite, denies fever, chills, chest pain, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, melena, and BRBPR.She denies sick contacts and recent travel. In the ED, labs were significant for Hct 14, INR 10, creatinine 2.1.  Had peripheral edema on exam.  She was ordered for 2 units PRBCs (not given due to difficult crossmatch), crossmatched 4 units. Also given 5mg po vitamin K.  She was not given lasix or FFP.  Most recent vitals 85 113/49 23 100% 5L. . In the MICU, she was noted to be short of breath and had brown, guaiac positive stool. .
79 year old male with known coronary artery disease s/p cypher stent to RCA in [**2098**] who has been complaining of chronic angina with minimal exertion. In addition, notes difficulty breathing, severe fatigue and chest pressure with light ADLs, such as showering and picking up leaves. Despite maximal medical therapy he is still complaining of recurrent angina and was referred for elective catheterization. Catheterization revealed diffuse left anterior descending narrowing with new narrowing at branching of ostium which is not amenable to stenting without stenting over circumflex. He presents today for surgical evaluation.
Ms. [**Known lastname **] is a 79 yo woman with hx of non-small cell lung cancer who was transfered from OSH with bilateral PEs. For full HPI please see admission note. Briefly, she had last received taxol, carboplatin, on [**2188-10-20**].She had rcvd avastin as well on prior cycles but held due to poorly controlled BP. The patient was at home when she noted acute worsening of chronic dyspnea and came to [**Hospital1 18**] [**Location (un) 620**] where she was diagnosed with bilateral PEs. She was started on heparin gtt and bedside ECHO showed RV strain, but patient remained hemodynamically stable while in ICU. She was transitioned to lovenox and called out to the floor.
67 yo male, h/o 3vd, [**Month/Day/Year **] s/p ablation in [**4-27**] at [**Hospital1 2025**], RA, diastolic dysfunction, who presented from [**Hospital 1263**] hospital with ?biliary sepsis.  Pt reports that on day of admission, he woke up with malaise, nausea, vomiting, fevers, and rigors.  He went to [**Doctor Last Name 1263**] ED, found to be febrile with abnormal LFT's, was started on antibiotics  (clinda/ceftaz) and IVF, and was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for presumed biliary sepsis and further management.  On transfer, he was started on zosyn/levo/flagyl, was hemodynamically unstable, was intubated prior to ERCP.  ERCP showed no obstruction, no stones, some biliary sludging only (normal cholangiogram).  A stent was placed in the CBD.  He continued to by hypotensive/unstable post ERCP, was found to have an evolving NSTEMI (tnt leak, 2mm ST depre in v3-v6; peak tnt 1.8, now trended down).  He remained intubated.  SWAN on [**12-24**] showed PCWP 35, BP 95/43, FA=22, and the next warning, he went into rapid afib with decompensation requiring single 200 J shock.  He was on 3 pressors at the time (levophed, vasopressin, dopa), converted into NSR temporarily, was started on amio. He had recurrence of afib.  DCCV was repeated 2 times without success; he spontaneously reverted to NSR (?s/p DCCV on [**12-26**]) has remained in this rhythm, and is on an amio taper (drip). Cardiology is following.  Etiology of this new onset afib was thought to be in the setting of volume resuscitation and acute illness. With respect to his sepsis, he required 3 pressors as above, was on vanco/zosyn/lev/flagyl.  Blood cultures from [**Doctor Last Name 1263**] grew out [**4-26**] E. coli (with E. coli also in urine) resistant to amp/pip/sulbactam.  Ciprofloxacin was added to regimen on [**12-26**]. He is currently just on cipro and is to complete a 14 day course for E. coli.  He continued to improve clinically, was extubated on [**12-29**], and he was transferred to the floor on [**12-30**] (stable, mentating).  Other MICU events include a drop in platelets following 48 hours of heparin therapy (HIT negative, Hep d/c'ed, and platelets recovering).  He had a bump in his creatinine to 3.0 (baseline 1.3-1.5 as per PCP) which is resolving (?ATN [**2-23**] hypotension but no muddy brown casts on sediment).  Renal US was obtained that did not show hydronephrosis or cause or ARF.  Hct has been stable, but he has been guaiac positive on exam.  Pt was stable on transfer to the floor.
68 year old male with insulin dependent DM, HTN, obesity admitted to CCU for aspirin desensitization in setting of chest pain with exertion over past week. Symptoms started 1 week ago with substernal chest pain while carying luggage to cruise ship - substernal/dull, radiates to abdomen "like ruler", occurs during exertion. Resolved with rest. Then tried to exert himself again throughout week, but developed same chest pain. He has been "taking it slowly", however, still gets symptoms with decreasing amount of exertion. New symptom for him. Denies peripheral edema, palpitations, syncope. Came to ED for eval. He was found to have multivessel disease upon cardiac catheterization and is now being referred to cardiac surgery for revascularization.
68 year old man with a history of coronary disease status post cabg in [**2107**] and multiple PCIs since then presenting on the [**7-7**] with weight gain at home and altered mental status resulting in a fall at home. In the ED he had a possible seizure with dilantin loading. He became hypotensive after that and went to MICU. He was then sent to the medicine service for several days working up neurologic issues and falls. Then the patient began having chest pain, echo showed new acute decrease in the EF from 45->20% and some apical and septal akinesis. Cath showed severe native disease with 2 BMS placed in RCA. RHC showed elevated wedge at 30mmHg. RA pressures 25 and PAP 73. CI 1.5. Then transferred to [**Hospital1 1516**] for further management. . Patient was given 80mg IV lasix given last night and this morning still volume overloaded and given another 100mg IV lasix and metolazone and lasix gtt. Team is concerned for poor forward flow given LFTs have increased to >1000, creatinine to 3.3, INR >2, and only 600mL UOP with 20mg/hr lasix gtt yesterday. . At this point, he was transferred to the HF service and admitted to the CCU for inotropes, swan, and lasix drip. If non-responsive to this will need IABP. . On arrival to the floor, patient appears somewhat lethargic and uncomfortable but is conversant.  He endorses discomfort around his foley site but denies cough, chest pain, sob, abdominal symptoms, fevers/chills.
Patient who under went Left BKA for left charchot foot deforimity which was refractory to multiple reconstructions.Experienced a tramatic left tibular fx while climbing stair without prothesis on at the time.Admitted for peroperative Ketamin gtt and BKA revision
76 yo male w/ severe COPD (FEV1 28%) p/w acute worsening of dyspnea this PM, called 911, brought by EMS to [**Hospital1 18**] ED.  Pt reports that he did not have any precipitating symptoms to note such as fevers/chills/cough/allergies but that this "has happened before.  He denies CP/orthopne/N/V/Abd Pain/hemoptysis/diarrhea.  IN ED the patient was tachtpneic to the 30's, he was placed on a non-rebreather w/ nebs every hour. He was also given solumedrol and a dose of levofloxacin w/ good improvement.
The pt is a 78 yo M with a h/o CAD,HTN, HL, DM who presents from his PCP's office after routine CBC showed 66% atypical white blood cells and low platelets on a routine CBC. He initially sought care from his PCP after he had noticed that he had noticed increased bleeding from the site of a removed childhood skin tumor which had been severely pruritic, causing him to scratch it with a sharp back-scratcher repeatedly. The PCP felt the patient had an infected cyst and started abx. His PCP drew [**Name Initial (PRE) **] CBC which showed 66% atypical white cells and thrombocytopenia with a normal white cell count and hematocrit. He then ordered immunophenotyping which is pending, and sent the patient to the ED. On review of systems, the patient also notes more malaise and dyspnea on exertion over the last month, as well as intermittently blood streaked stools and melena. In the ED, the patient was noted to have no evidence of bleeding but labs concerning for DIC and tumor lysis. He was seen by the heme-onc consult fellow. He was given 2 amps of bicarb with D5W at 100 cc/hr. He was given 10u of cryoprecpitate and transfused platelets. He also received 50 mg PO of all-trans retinoic acid.
31yoF with h/o IVDA, cirrhosis [**1-19**] autoimmune hepatitis c/b portal HTN w/ ascites, variceal bleed s/p TIPS on [**2180-7-17**], and hepatic encephalopathy, as well as hyperglycemia [**1-19**] TIPs and steroids represents with abd pain. Of note, the patient was just admitted Thurs->Friday for N/V/abd pain. During that admission, she had a CT scan which showed no cause for her pain. Gastroenteritis was presumed and she was discharged home after her symptoms improved with zofran and dilaudid. . She reports that after discharge on Friday, she felt well. Then, this morning ~ 5 AM, abd pain woke her from sleep. The pain was diffuse, sharp and intermittent. She was able to get back to sleep after 45 minutes. Then, when her mom woke her to check her fsbg ~ 10, she again noticed the abd pain. She slept most of the day, but did have 1 episode of nbnb emesis and felt persistently nauseated. She also took her temperature during the course of the day and it trended from 101 to 99.0. Her mother thought she should go to the hospital because of the pain and vomiting so she went to Addison-[**Doctor Last Name **]. . At OSH ED, she received zofran 4 mg, dilaudid 1 mg x 3, and 1L NS. Her pain improved. She was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] because she was concerned she needed imaging, which couldn't happen quickly there. At [**Hospital1 **] ED, initial VS 99.9 82 109/57 14 99% on RA. First set of labs was inaccurate. 2nd set of labs significant for baseline pancytopenia, Na 137, Cr 0.6, and INR 2.2 (bl = 1.8) (though INR was from first draw). LFTs were near baseline. RUQ U/S showed cirrhotic liver, stable splenomegaly, unchanged gallbladder wall edema and new to-and-fro flow in the left portal vein. She was given 2L NS, 0.5 mg IV dilaudid x2, and 4 mg IV zofran. Stool guaiac was negative. . Currently, VS 97.4 126/74 87 20 100% on RA. She states that she feels much better now though still has [**5-26**] diffuse, sharp abd pain. Her nausea has resolved and she ate 2 box meals in the ED today. She says that she feels silly to have come to the ED again with most of the tests being negative and asks if she is expected to have abd pain/nausea/vomiting with her disease. She wasn't sure whether or not she should have come to the hospital and didn't know who to call to ask. . ROS: + low-grade fevers, abd pain, n/v, fatigue Denies night sweats, headache, vision changes, rhinorrhea, congestion, sore throat, cough, shortness of breath, chest pain, constipation, BRBPR, melena, hematochezia, dysuria, hematuria. . Finally, this patient has had a complicated course over the past 3 months. Briefly, she was admitted on [**6-12**] for a GI bleed - grade 1 varices without bleeding seen on EGD. She represented on [**7-1**] again with GI bleeding - EGD showed non-bleeding varices, gastritis, and portal gastropathy. She was admitted again on [**7-12**] for a third GI bleed - this admission she had TIPS procedure performed. Course was complicated by high-grade MRSA bacteremia requiring 6 weeks of IV vancomycin (at rehab, d/t concern of IVDA and PICC line). She was then admitted from rehab on [**8-8**] for hepatic encephalopathy and again on [**8-25**] for hepatic encephalopathy and hyperglycemia.
[**Known firstname 17**] is a 52-year-old female who was transferred from an outside hospital after being admitted inearly [**Month (only) 205**] with diverticulitis. The patient was treated withantibiotic therapy and then underwent exploratory laparotomy and segmental colectomy with primary anastomosis on [**2156-6-30**]. She spent 10 days in the hospital postoperatively and was discharged home. She returned shortly thereafter with increasing abdominal pain and fevers. The patient had a pelvic abscess with an anastomotic leak and was taken to the operating room a second time on [**2156-7-20**] for exploratory laparotomy and abscess drainage. Enterotomies were made during this exploration and they were repaired with interrupted silk sutures. The patient was given an end colostomy and mucous fistula. Postoperatively on [**2156-7-26**], succus was actively drainging from the wound. A CT scan was performed which showed extravasation of contrast from the bowel into the pelvis and out the wound. The patient was transferred to the [**Hospital1 346**] for tertiary care after that finding. The patient was initially accepted by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] and then transferred to Dr. [**First Name (STitle) 2819**] on the Blue Surgery service. The patient was seen in the surgical intensive care unit in on arrival. There was bilious drainage from the abdominal incision and feculent drainage from [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 1661**]-[**Location (un) 1662**] drain that had been placed in the pelvis by the previous surgeon. The patient was explained the risks and benefits of operative procedure and it was deemed appropriate to operate as there was significant drainage and it probably would not be controlled adequately with nonoperative therapy. The grave situation was explained to the patient and the patient's daughter, and the patient agreed to proceed and signed a surgical consent for exploration. Bowel resection, diverting ostomy and requirement to leave the abdomen open were all discussed and a consent was signed.
The pt is a 63-year-old RH woman with a history of non-small cell lung CA (stage IIIa, s/p chemo, XRT, and L upper lobectomy), PE 35 yrs ago, rheumatic fever in childhood, prior tobacco use who presents with headache, nausea/vomiting, dizziness, and blurry vision for the last 2 weeks. She reports a holocephalic headache, extending from the back of her head up to the front bilaterally starting about 2 weeks ago. The headache is constant, not throbbing, and worsens with any movement particularly when she stands up. It does not seem to worsen with lying down and has not woken her from sleep. She says she used to get migraines but has not had one in years; thinks this headahce feels somewhat similar but is atypical in its duration. In addition she has has worsening nausea with vomiting, and for the last two days has not been able to keep anything down. She has also noticed that her vision appears "cloudy" over the last week and a half. Upon further questioning she says she thinks it appears double sometimes but is unsure if the images are vertically or horizontally displaced. She has not tried covering one eye to see if it improves. She is not sure if it is worse when looking toward one direction or the other. Currently her vision seems a little blurry but denies diplopia at the moment. Within the last two days she has also begun to experience dizziness, which she describes as the room spinning. She has also had difficulty walking and says she feels very unsteady on her feet. Unsure if she is falling toward one side or the other. She came into the ED today because she was continuing to feel worse and was unable to keep down anything by mouth. On neuro ROS, the pt reports headache, blurred/double vision, vertigo, difficulty walking as above. Denies difficulty speaking, loss of vision, focal weakness, numbness/tingling,  bowel or bladder incontinence or retention. On general review of systems, the pt reports frequent chills but does not think she has had any fevers. Denies recent weight loss or gain. Denies cough, shortness of breath.  Denies chest pain or tightness, palpitations. +Nausea/vomiting, no abdominal pain. has not had a bowel movement over the last few days which she attributes to not eating. No dysuria. Denies rash.
47M with h/o ESRD on HD, ESLD [**2-17**] hepatitis C, alcoholic cirrhosis, encephalopathy who presents with leakage of clear fluid from his umbilicus. This was first noticed last evening ([**10-11**]). The leakage soaked his clothes and bed by his report. He spoke with his PCP, [**Name10 (NameIs) 1023**] recommended he go to the ED to be evaluated, which he did not do until today. He is seen now in dialysis. The leakage has decreased throughout today. He notes that this could be secondary to his belt frequently rubbing on his large umbilical hernia. He denies F/C/N/V/C/D. He reports feeling generally well recently, with the exception of this new complaint.
52 y/o lady with hyptension presented to the Emergency Department with swollen tongue and funny feeling in her tongue. Patient is sedated at this time and history was obtained from the medical records.  Patient denied any difficulty breathing, palpitations, nausea, vomitting or diarrhea.  No new food exposure.  Vitals in ED were T 98.3  BP 161/117  HR 94  RR 12 100% RA.  Her swelling was worsening in ED and was she was intubated for airway protection.  She recieved solumedrol 125 mg IV, benadryl 30 mg IV, pepcid 20 mg IV, fentanyl 100 mcg IV x2 and versed 2 mg IV x 2. On arrival to the floor her vitals were T 96.3  HR 79  BP 153/98 RR 14  100% FiO2.  CMV/AC FiO2 100% TV 550 PEEP 5.  Patient is heavily sedated and unable to give any history.
61 y/o male with history of right lung Non Small Cell Cancer, s/p right upper lobe lobectomy, severe COPD, and a history of MRSA and psuedomanous PNA who presents from ED to ICU with hypoxia and possible PNA. He recently had a 3 week hospitalization for COPD exacerbation and treated for a pneumonia with Bactrim (for MRSA) and levaquin (for pseudomonas). He was discharged on [**8-6**] but continued to feel SOB and was readmitted several days later where he grew out pseudomonas Resistant to ciprofloxacin. Workup also included a CXR which showed a question of interstitial process and CTA was negative for PE but did reveal bilateral patchy infiltrates in middle and lower lobes bilaterally c/w pneumonia. Pt was treated with vancomycin and ceftaz during this hospital course, and was discharged on prednisone taper. . He was doing well at home until 1 week PTA when he reports onset of fevers to 101, weakness, SOB, pleuritic CP, cough. Denies any arm or jaw pain, diaphoresis, nausea, palpitations. ROS + for photophobia, dizziness with some balance loss, but no loss of consciousness over this time period as well. Pt therefore presented to [**Hospital **] hospital. He remained clinically stable throughout his course at MVH - afebrile, BP 110s-130s/60s-70s, HR 60s-80s, RR 18-24 and sats of 93% on 3L -> 93% on 2L. His pulmonologist (Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 14069**] was contact[**Name (NI) **] and recommended transfer to [**Hospital1 18**] for possible bronchoscopy to figure out why he is having recurrent COPD flares. On arrival here, he states that his breathing feels comfortable.
This is an 85 year old male with history of diastolic heart failure, copmlete heart block (now s/p PPM [**6-7**]) ESRD on HDHD, h/o MRSA bacteremia and thrombocytopenia, likely secondary to drug reaction (PPI?) who presents from [**Hospital 100**] rehab with dyspnea.  Patient reports SOB x 1 day.  He denies any chest pain, palpitations, N/V, abdominal pain, diarrhea, fevers, chills or recent cough.  Patient states he was walking with PT/OT and became SOB and dizzy.  Per ED report patient felt better after HD yesterday, but continued with SOB today along with AMS.  ABG done at [**Hospital 100**] Rehab which showed increased CO2 and decreased PaO2 from baseline so he was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further care. In the ED:  Temp 97,  HR 71,  BP 122/53,  RR 15  88% on RA 99% on NRB and then on CPAP.  CXR done which showed worsening bilateral pleural effusions.  He was given CTX 1gm x 1, Levaquin 500mg IV x 1, Vanco 1gm IV x 1 and was transferred to MICU. On arrival, patient stated he was feeling well.  +mild SOB. CPAP was removed and patient was with 98% O2 saturation on 2LNC. ABG:  7.21 // 77 // 149 // 32
85 year old woman with hx of CAD s/p prior PTCA, pVD, DM2, htn, chol and anemia presented to NWH on [**2167-4-8**] with unstable angina. Her EKG was described as unchanged from prior. Her labs were notable for Trop0.06. BNP 234. creat 1.3 on arrival (baseline 1.2). Her evaluation there was notable for cardiac enzymes as above. She was felt to be in mild congestive heart failure after 1 unit of pRBCS which she received for a Hct of 26. She received 2 doses of lasix. She was started on a heparin gtt (not listed in discharge meds. She did have small amount of blood on her toilet tissue thought secondary to hemorrhoidal bleed. She did receive a 2nd unit of PRBCs. A TTE (prelim only) LAE, preserved LVEF, mild MR/TR. . She describes her baseline at chronic stable angina with chest pressure at similar level of exertion such as walking [**5-17**] block of level ground. However over the past month she noted a decreased threshhold for her discomfort now after only 1 flight of stairs. On the day prior to her admission she had the similar sensation of chest pressure while at rest. It lasted for ~2 hours and improved with nitroglycerin. She had recurrent event at 1:30pm on the 25th so she presented to the hospital. She states her weight has been stable. She has chronic venous stasis and has had new lower extremity swelling over the past few weeks. She has no orthopnea or PND. . On floor, patient was feeling short of breath with walking to the bathroom but otherwise feeling well. She has no current chest pain. . On review of systems, she denies any prior history of stroke, TIA, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, bleeding at the time of surgery, myalgias, joint pains, cough, hemoptysis, black stools. She has been having small amount of blood on the toilet tissue over the past few weeks. She denies recent fevers, chills or rigors. She has exertional leg pain at 4 blocks of walking. All of the other review of systems were negative. . Cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, palpitations, syncope or presyncope.
Patient is a 43 yo Thai speaking male with ESRD on HD, HTN presented to [**Hospital1 18**] on [**6-26**] after being notified that blood cultures drawn on [**6-24**] returned positive for GPC in [**1-28**] bottles. He arrived to HD on [**6-24**] with rigors and chills, but was afebrile to 99.1, and had blood cx's drawn. On arrival to the ED, he was afebrile to 96.8, with BP 92/38, and was admitted to medicine for further work-up. He was given 1g vanco x1, 1 g ceftaz x1, which were continued on the floor. ROS were negative for any fever, cough, SOB, dysuria, odynophagia or any other localizing symptoms. It was felt that his tunneled HD line was likely the source, and it was planned to have that line removed. Pt was dialyzed on [**6-26**] through his still maturing AVF in his L arm. On [**6-27**], pt became increasingly hypotensive, with BPs at 80/40. He was otherwise afebrile to 97.8, but Tmax 100.3, with HR 70s, RR 20s, and satting 100% on RA. He was given 1L NS bolus without improvement in his blood pressure. Pt was transferred to the ICU for closer monitoring. He was transferred to the floor after he was hemodynamically stable.
68 yo female with schizoaffective disorder and diabetes insipidus, probably from lithium use. She suffered a perforated colon approximately 6 months ago due to C- difficile colitis incidentally found at her operation for gross peritonitis was an ileal carcinoid which was resected and had positive nodal metastases. She has been intolerant of her ileostomy due to food and electrolyte issues and has been in the hospital for renal failure on two occasions on the medicine service despite trying her best to manage her fluid intake herself. She also has extensive skin excoriation and dermatitis problems due to her ileostomy. She is, therefore, electively brought in for ileostomy reversal.
Mr. [**Known lastname 30842**] is a 76-year-old male, with known severe critical aortic stenosis that has been followed and now reached a level of 0.5 cm2 by echocardiography, who [**Known lastname 1834**] cardiac catheterization that confirmed the presence of critical aortic stenosis and showed an 80-90% proximal left anterior descending stenosis, with a 70% stenosis of a small ramus branch. He is presenting for valve and coronary surgery. The ejection fraction is preserved.
Ms. [**Known lastname 805**] is an 87 year old female with a h/o dementia, anemia and R toe ulcer s/p recent toe amputation who presents from [**Hospital3 1186**] with hypotension and bradycardia. Per notes, pt was more fatigued and diaphoretic today and then unresponsive at [**Hospital3 **]. Vitals were checked and HR was 40 and BP was 70/50. Per report, vitals had been normal earlier in the day. EMS was called and noted BP to be 60-102/40-56 and HR in the 40s. . Upon arrival to the ER, the pt was noted to be responsive. Her HR was in the 40s-50, and EKG showed atrial flutter. SBP did drop to the 60s and pressures improved to the 80s-90s with 1 L of IVF. Her pressures then dropped again, so she was given 1 mg of atropine with improvement in her HR to the 70s and SBPs to the 100s. Her hct was stable at 30 and she was guaiac negative. . Upon arrival to the ICU the pt is comfortable.
75 year old woman on Coumadin andPlavix, s/p mechanical MVR, h/o GI bleed (ten years ago), now presenting with black tarry stools overnight, with 2 additional episodes of melena this morning. Pt was seen in urgent care at PCP's office today and was guaiac positive. In PCP office she noted three black tarry stools. During this time, she has no nausea, vomiting, no epigastric pain, no lightheadedness, and no chest pain. She has not taken any  over-the-counter medications. She usually takes MiraLax has a bowel movement every few days, and she has had three bowel movements in less than 24 hours. The patient has a history of peptic ulcer disease diagnosed in the mid 90s. She has been maintained on ranitidine 150 mg b.i.d. for many years. . In the ED, initial vs were: T99, P 81, 127/66, RR 16, 100%RA. Patient was given protonix 40 IV x1, and was seen by GI. GI recommended NG lavage, which showed brown effluent, no coffee grounds. Following NGT placement the pt developed brisk epistaxis, now has packing in place. Repeat hct stable at 40. Major source of bleeding is now iatrogenic nosebleed. Vitals on transfer were: 96.4 HR 97 127/63 19 100%RA.
62 yo M h/o hep C (stable in remission), depression/psych dz on Effexor, Risperdal, Wellbutrin, Sertraline, Remeron, and methylphenidate, DM on insulin found unconscious on the ground at 10am of [**2193-9-12**]. Paramedics noted GTC seizure activity and intubated him in the field for airway protection. Mother spoke to him night before, said he sounded normal, but unknown how long he had been lying on the floor. Admission VS included low grade temp, pulse 109, BP 127/73. Potassium 5.8, Bicarb 16, BUN 49, Cr 4, glucose 324, latate 5, WBC 17. ABG: 7.33/36/312/18. U/A showed 1000 glucose, 10 ketones, 35 red cells, 10 white, hyaline casts, 100 prot. Head CT with no acute process. CXR showed LLL atelectasis/infiltrate. . The pt was admitted to [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 487**] [**Hospital3 91711**] ICU and was given IVF, Zozyn, and Vanc. Neurology c/s noted that hyperglycemic acidosis, metabolic derangements, & mult psych meds could have precipitated seizure/obtundation. Also, couldn't r/o stroke. Started on phenytoin, asa, EEG unhelpful, MRI when stable. Patient started to improve and was extubated but never recovered basline mental status. CXR's no acute process/infiltrate. Renal fxn improved, Cr 3.2 from 4, CK down from 58,000 to 31,000. Renal US showed no hydro/stones. liver with fatty infiltration. . 26 hours later around noon [**2193-9-13**], patient spiked fever to 103, persisting, ID worried about encephalitis/meningitis, started empirically on acyclovir/ctx/vanc, with new bld cx. previous blc/urine cx ngtd. LP not performed. . Today [**9-14**], fevers persist and pt noted to be stiff throughout, increased ms [**Last Name (Titles) **], diaphretic/tachy to low 100s, hypertensive w SBP 150-160s, tachypneic in 20s, satting at 95% on 60%mask. CPK began to rise again to 47,000, ? neuroleptic malignant syn --> started on baclofen. LFTs with high AST>>ALT c/w rhabdo. Uric acid 16.1 --> 10.9. Last lactate 2.6. Prior to transfer to [**Hospital1 18**], pt 102.6(was on cooling blanket), 146/55, 77, 17, 95% FM @ 60%. Sustained good UOP. CXR clear today but limited study. . On arrival to the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**], patient remains somnelent/obtunded, opens eyes initially to his name but unable to stay open, unable to follow any commands. VS detailed below.
Ms. [**Known lastname 59777**] is a 44 year old female with a history of recently diagnosed stage IV non-small cell lung cancer metastatic to brain, adrenals, and kidneys who presents with complaints of blood when she urinates. She notes that she first noticed this two days ago. She also notes pain with urination since she noticed the blood. She ntes it has been the worst between 1 am and 5 am where she can't leave the BR due to constant need to urinate. She also urinates several times during the day.  Each time is extremely painful. She notes that since the bleeding began, the pain has begun to improve but the bleeding has continued at the same frequency.  She denies any vaginal bleeding, melena, hematochezia, or hematemesis. In the [**Hospital1 18**] ED, 98.3, 108/70, 96, 18, 100% RA.  While in the ED she was noted to have frank hematuria. Pelvic exam was performed without evidence of vaginal or cervical bleeding. No obvious GI bleeding was noted. She was guiaic negative. Labs were remarkable for Hct drop from 34->20 over 1 month. Coags, WBC, and plts normal. Electrolytes showed new renal failure with BUN/Cr 46/2.3 from 14/0.6 1 month prior. K was 6.0, bicarb 17. U/A revealed >50 RBCs, 21-50 WBCs, LE and nitrite negative, and no bacteria.   She received 30 grams of kayexalate, 10 mg of dexamethasone, zofran, and morphine.  Prior to floor transfer, she lost her IV access. Bilateral femoral CVLs were attempted but wire could not be passed. She then had a successful R IJ CVL placement. Currently, she feels well.  Episode of frank hematuria witnessed upon arrival to the floor, also notable for stringlike clot. On ROS, she denies any fevers, chills, chest pain, SOB, DOE.  She does note increased fatigue and recent poor po intake. She also notes intermittent nausea when taking her medications.  She denies any numbness or tingling, weakness, or confusion. Denies any muscle or joint pains which the exception of chronic R thumb pain which improved with steroids and has worsened with taper. All other ROS negative.
78 year old male who has  been experiencing progressive DOE and chest pain over the previous two weeks.  He was worked up at an OSH where he ruled in for NSTEMI troponin 1.14 ck mb 7.3. He was transferred for surgical evaluation.
51 yo male with AIDs (dx [**2158**], on HAART, VL undetectable, CD4 90 [**1-3**], h/o thrush and esophagitis) admitted with back pain/flank pain and fevers. He was in hus USOH until [**2174-1-27**] when he went to his PCP's with R sided pleurtic chest pain. He also had a resurangence of fevers to 102 - 105 and night sweats which he had had for 13 years, then stopped 2 years prior when he started HAART. CXR on [**2174-1-27**] showed infiltrate within the left upper lobe and an opacityl at the right heart border. He was started on Levaquin at that time. Then on [**2174-2-3**], he went to [**Hospital1 **] [**Location (un) 620**] with L calf pain. He was admitted with a DVT and multiple PEs. Chest CT at that time also showed multiple bilateral segments and subsegmental pulmonary emboli, consolidation vs. infarct in the posterior left upper lobe and anterior right lower lobe, multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules, and mediastinal lymphadenopathy. MDs there were also concerned that he could have TB as he had weight loss, fevers, and pulm nodules. He underwent bronch on [**2174-2-7**] which was "normal". Cytology showedd atypical flora. Cultures/labs from there showed negative crypto ag, oral flora from the bronch, AFB smear negative, culture pending. He was started on coumadin and heparin and a second of levofloxacin. During this stay, he had no pulmonary symptoms. . On discharge from [**Location (un) 620**], he noticed his Right leg now was tender, where it had not been before. He then was switched to a course of Doxy on [**2-11**] my his PCP. [**Name10 (NameIs) **] was not doing well at home since he was having extreem pain in both his legs. The swelling in the LLE diminished, but the right increased. He had no pulmonary symptoms until the afternoon on [**2-18**] when he began to become SOB. He came to the ED. . In ED, initial vitals were 103.6, HR 145, BP 78/62, RR 18, 98% -> 100% on 2L .He was complaiing of worsening SOB and pleurtic right chest pain. Code sepsis called, RIJ placed. Initial CVP was 7. he was boluesd 8 L NS in the ED. Of note, his O2 sat on arrival was 98% RA, then 100% 2l in the ED,94% on 4L NC on arrival to MICU. he was started on Dopamine and levophed. He was given 1 gram of vancomycin, 1 gram of CTX, and a DS bactrim. Blood cultures and urine cultures were sent. A ct chest revealed a left upper lobe opacity, subsegmental PE's, multiple B pulm nodules. . Currently, he is SOB and c/o pleurtic right sided and posterior chest pain and bilateral calf pain. He has been having fevers to 102 - 105 daily with night sweats. Denies large weight gain (he has had touble with weight loss since his MAC). No HA. No neck pain. No nausea. No vomiting. Has one loose BM daily [**3-3**] HAART. Denies missing any of his medicine. Quit smoking 2 eeks agi. No recent PPD. No TB contacts. [**Name (NI) **] Rashes. No recent travel.
68 F presents to [**Hospital1 **] ED with nausea, vomiting, diaphoresis and distended abdomen after recent laparoscopic assisted right colectomy on [**2168-8-2**].  She was discharged from [**Hospital1 18**] on [**2168-8-6**] after in stable condition.  She was doing well, tolerating a regular diet until yesterday when she developed the aforementioned symptoms.
A 65 year-old woman with history of end-stage renal disease scheduled for LRRT [**2155-4-8**] presenting with uremic symptoms. She was admitted for induction of hemodialysis to prevent dialysis disequilibrium after receiving her transplant. . In the ED, her vital signs were 98.3, 118/62, 90, 13, and 98% RA.  She received zofran 4 mg IV x1 and was sent directly to dialysis before arrival to the floor. At dialysis she had 0.5 kg removed via a right tunnelled line that had been placed one week ago for plasmapheresis (she underwent plasmaphereis to remove antibodies against daughter's antigens-- daughter will provide the donor kidney). Upon arrival to the floor from HD, she feels much better. She denies nausea or vomiting, and is looking forward to eating dinner. She denies chest pain, shortness of breath, or lightheadedness. ROS is positive for vertigo, worse with sitting and standing, that she says has been ongoing for three months. She says she was seen by ENT yesterday for evaluation of the vertigo and was prescribed acyclovir for ?Zoster infection, which she has not yet started. However, it appears the vertigo developed several weeks before she started immunosuppressants (which she started one week ago). She denies facial rash or burning. ROS otherwise unremarkable.
This is a 37 year old female who presented to OSH with 5 days of LLQ/left flank pain. She was initially seen at [**Hospital3 **] on [**9-14**] and was diagnosed with a ruptured ovarian cyst on TVUS; she was discharged on oxycodone-APAP. On [**9-15**] she developed subjective fevers/rigors, increased pain, and shortness of breath with exertion. Over the weekend her pain became more diffuse, across the upper abdomen. She then re-presented on [**9-18**] to [**Hospital6 33**], where workup included a CT abdomen/pelvis with evidence of pyelonephritis. She was given a dose of levofloxacin, IV hydromorphone, and a undefinded amount of IVF. Her labs also showed platelets of 69K, low WBC, and low hematocrit around 32 (substantially different from normal values on [**9-14**]). No blood or urine cultures were obtained. DIC labs were sent and revealed high fibrinogen, a mildly elevated INR, smear with occasional schistocytes. She was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further management. In the [**Hospital1 18**] ED, her initial vitals were: 100.4F, HR 124, BP 134/92, RR 18, Sat 99% (on room air). Repeat labs again demonstrated platelets of 60K, stable hematocrit at 31, elevated D-dimer, fibrinogen pending. Also apparently with new decrease in renal function. Heme-onc was called and advised to wait on anticoagulation; they would see the patient in the ICU. Clinically, she looks well except for back pain, which has been
45M with DMI, ESRD on HD, andmultiple admissions for hypertensive urgency/emergency admitted with hypertensive urgency which developed suddenly at HD today. He was [**4-19**] of the way through HD when suddenly had onset of severe headache [**11-25**] and ? of chest pain. Pt also endorses photophobia, denies [**Month/Year (2) **] contacts or and fevers, chills, night sweats. Pt reports that usually his hypertensive urgency is associated c nausea and vomiting but these were not prominent symptoms during this episode. Pt lives in rehab so always takes his medicines. He has had multiple admissions in the past for hypertensive urgency or emergency but per the pt he does not know why he has had trouble controlling his BPs (denies h/o nonadherence). . In the ED, initial V/S 99.6 84 [**Telephone/Fax (2) 104346**]0%. R subclavian CVL placed due to poor peripheral access. CT head showed no evidence for mass or acute [**Telephone/Fax (2) **]. Patient refused LP. MRI/A chest ordered to exclude aortic dissection but not performed due to time constraints (CTA not ordered b/c contrast could not be given through central line). Given labetalol 10 mg IV, morphine (total of 8 mg IV), percocet 2 tab, and benadryl 25 mg PO (due to itching from morphine). Chest pain resolved prior to transfer, headache persisted but improved. Vital signs prior to transfer 166/82, 73, 98% RA. .
66yo M w/ PMH s/f HTN, seasonal allergies, osteoarthritis s/p L TKA and R THA who is transferred from outside hospital with pancytopenia, recent weight loss (semi-intentional), and found to have blasts on peripheral smear by OSH hematologist. He reports feeling mostly well prior to admission. He developed headache last weekend that he felt was related to his sinuses, given his h/o seasonal allergies. He then developed a sore throat earlier this week. He went to the VA to be evaluated for possible sinusitis/URI and CBC was checked which revealed WBC of 1.8. He was referred to OSH for further management. He was evaluated in the ED and a hematologist was consulted who examined the peripheral smear. Smear showed 50% lymphocytes, 28% blasts, 2% metamyelocytes, 5% NRBCs. No clear cut Auer rods but some blasts with significant granularity. Patient was transfused 2u PRBCs, started on allopurinol, 1/2NS w/ bicarb and K at OSH and transferred here for further diagnostic workup. Of note, pt. travels often to West Coast and spent 10 weeks in [**State 15946**] this spring, returning [**2158-2-23**]. He reports allergic symptoms and lots of dust. Also of note, pt. reports trying to lose weight recently with 9-10lb weight loss in last 1-2 months. Denies fever, chills, night sweats, fatigue, unintentional weight loss, lymphadenopathy. Denies rash, joint pain, nausea, vomiting, productive cough, diarrhea, BRBPR, melena.
Mr. [**Known lastname 70654**] is a 75M with a history of coronary artery disease s/p CABG x3 ([**University/College **] Presbyterian NY, [**2145**]), PTCA x2 stents (DES: proximal LAD and SVG to PDA, [**2156**]) as well as assymptomatic PAF on coumadin who presented to [**Hospital1 18**] on [**2159-4-21**] with fatigue for the last 5 days. He did not endorse shortness of breath or chest pain, only generalized fatigue. Other ROS were negative and notable for the absence of fevers, chills, productive cough, sick contacts, recent travel or other complaints. In the ED, initial vitals: 97.8 65 132/78 16 97. CXR showed a small new right pleural effusion. EKG showed atrial fibrillation at a rate of 114, and ST depression II, III, AVf, V4-V6. He was given Aspirin and placed on Oxygen. Cardiac biomarkers were negative x 3. He was loaded with dofetilide for chemical cardioversion of his a fib and went into NSR after the first dose. The following morning he developed worsening dyspnea and was found to be hypoxic with O2 sats in the 70s on RA. He triggerred for hypoxia and was found to have expiratory wheezes and crackles at the base. Chest x-ray showed severe scoliosis and opacities within both lower lobes. VBG showed pH 7.42, pO2 53, pCo2 30. He was placed on a non-rebreather with O2 sats that returned to 92%. The team felt that his symptoms were either CHF versus pneumonia, with CHF more likely because he did not have a white count or fever at the time. He was diuresed with 20 mg IV lasix x 3 and had 2 L of urine output. He remained on the non-rebreather throughout the afternoon despite the diuresis. He was given nebulizers and ordered doxycycline and augmentin for possible community acquired pneumonia (although he did not receive antibiotics). At 6:30 pm nightfloat came to evaluate the patient and was concerned. An ABG showed pH 7.42 pO2 66 and pCO2 54. Vanc and cefipime were started and the CCU was called to evaluate the patient. The patient was found to be tachypneic and uncomfortable, using increase work of breathing. He was sating 92% on the non-rebreather. He was transferred for hypoxic respiratory distress. In the CCU he endorsed chills, but denied fever, chest pain, palpitations, nausea, cough, abdominal pain, HA, dysuria, myalgias, melena. Respiratory status continued to be tenuous in the CCU requiring face mask during the day, and BiPap overnight. Patient was not intubated due to concerns about ability to wean from the vent. He was treated empirically with broad spectrum. CCU course notable for increasing respiratory distress requiring BiPap for comfort. Initially used overnight only with face mask during the day but increasingly requiring BiPap. Was seen by his outpatient pulmonologist who agreed with current plan, and felt patient likely to be difficult to wean from the vent if intubated. +6L LOS (not counting insensible losses). Admission weight 53.1kg, currently weighs 56.1 kg(but unreliable as bed weight with sheets etc). Patient had intermittent A. Fib with RVR requiring boluses of diltiazem for rate control.
38-year-old African-American man with recently diagnosed hypertension presented with 5 days of headache, found to have SBP in 200-210, admitted to MICU on nitroprusside drip. . Mr. [**Known lastname 86556**] initially presented to his PCP [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **] [**2151-3-8**] with a new, dull, constant headache, was found to have BP 200/120, Cr. 1.5, aldosterone 61, renin 1.9. Serum metaneprhine fraction was normal; 24-hr urine metanephrine pending. He was started on lisinopril 20 mg qday. Three days later, BP was still high, and his lisinopril was increased to 40 mg qday and labetolol 100 [**Hospital1 **] was added. Outpatient nephrologist suggested renal MRI for further work-up of his elevated creatinine. He went back to the PCP's office the day of admission when his BP was found to be unchanged; labetolol was added. With persistent headache, he presented to the ED. He denies any visual changes, chest pain, shortness of breath, weakness. . In ED, initial BP was 200-210/110-120, HR in the 50s. Exam, including optic disc exam, was unremarkable. Cr. was 1.8. He was started on nitroprusside at 0.25 mcg/kg/min and his SBP dropped quickly to 160. Nitroprusside was decreased to 0.15 mcg/kg/min. By transfer to MICU, his BP was 180/100, HR 70s. He received one Percocet for his headache. . ROS: Denies fever, chills, night sweats, vision changes, rhinorrhea, congestion, sore throat, cough, shortness of breath, chest pain, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, BRBPR, melena, hematochezia, dysuria, hematuria.
Mr. [**Known firstname 90223**] is a 85-year-old male with CAD s/p PTCA LCx ([**2092**]), HLD, AAA, PE, PAD, COPD that was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for c. cath with complicated OSH course consisting of anemia secondary to GIB, bilateral PE not on anticoagulation, and NSTEMI with reduction of EF, and acute systolic heart failure. Pt is transferred to the CCU prior to cardiac cath for ASA desensitization protocol. . He was admitted on [**2109-1-10**] for SOB at [**Hospital3 1443**] Hospital (contact number [**Telephone/Fax (1) 90224**]). [**Name2 (NI) **] oximetry was in the low 80s at home responsive to home O2 via NC. He endorses feeling cold type symptoms with coughing for quite a few weeks but became more dyspneic with increasing cough and clear sputum production. Chest CT showed new bilateral pulmonary emboli. Venous US was negative for DVT. An IVF filter was placed on [**1-10**] in setting of inability to anti-coagulate with anemia. Admission labs were also notable for Hgb/Hct of 6.6/24.2 and guaiac positive stool. He was treated for a presumed GIB. He was transfused 3 units of pRBC. Endoscopy performed on [**1-11**] was unremarkable. Colonoscopy was attempted on [**1-10**] but unable to be performed secondary to stool in bowel. Colonoscopy subsequently performed on [**1-17**] showed diverticulosis and diminutive polyp x 1, which showed fragments of adenoma. Labs were also significant for 3 sets of elevated troponins and CPKs. ECHO on [**1-15**] showed EF 35 % (last EF on [**2108-3-6**] showed EF 60 %). Stress test showed large area of ischemia extending from the anterior wall and anterior apex of inferior wall. There was evidence of prior small lateral wall infarction with significantly depressed LVEF. His latest CXR showed mild CHF. Additional studies included abdominal US showing AAA that is stable compared to prior exam on [**2108-10-4**]. Hospital course also complicated by flash pulmonary edema on [**2109-1-12**]. The patient was also treated for pneumonia although viral URI was favored with fever 100.2 in setting of chronic prednisone therapy although no infiltrate noted. He was treated with moxifloxacin 400 mg PO qD for a 10-day course. CXR did not suggest pneumonia. . Pt describes an ASA allergy consisting of redness on his face, and rash diffusely many years ago. . On arrival to CCU, he was afebrile, with VS HR 76, BP 106/70, RR 20, 93% 3LNC, repeated at 98%. Pt denies chest pain, chest pressure, or SOB. He says that he has felt overall weak since he was admitted to the OSH, but that this has gotten better. . On review of systems, he endorses overall weakness as above. He says that he has had black stools for the past year, but that the doctors [**Name5 (PTitle) **]'t been able to figure out why. He states that he went to the OSH because he knew that his [**Name5 (PTitle) **] counts were low. He denies fever or chills, but continues mild cough with yellow sputum. He also endorses previous leg cramping. He denies any prior history of stroke, bleeding at the time of surgery, myalgias, joint pains, hemoptysis, or red stools. All of the other review of systems were negative. . Cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain, dyspnea on exertion, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle edema, palpitations, syncope or presyncope.  He is able to walk 3 blocks with having to stop 2-3 times, which is unchanged in the past year. He performs all of his ADL's and lives on his own.
This is a 76 year old woman who trip and fell at home. She was initially brought to [**Hospital 1474**] hospital and subsequently transferred to the [**Hospital1 18**] for treatment of a retroperitoneal bleed and a  pubic rami fracture.
31 year old hispanic male who was in usual state of health until day of admission.  He was doing stretching exercises at the local gym when he had a sudden onset of headache.  He went to an OSH where CT scan demonstrated subarachnoid hemorrhage. He was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further eval.
Mr [**Known lastname **] is an 82-yo man with complete heart block s/p dual chamber [**Company **] pacemaker [**10/2101**] with RV lead revision [**2-/2112**] and recent device infection in [**1-/2113**], hypertension, dyslipidemia, GERD, and BPH, who presented today with continued device infection for lead and device extraction. The procedure was prolonged due to significant fibrosis of the pacer leads, and he was noted to have purulent material that was extracted and sent to the microbiology lab for analysis. Given his history of complete heart block and hypotension with his ventricular escape rhythm, a temporary screw-in external pacemaker was placed in the right IJ. Intra-operative TEE was unremarkable, but he did require Neosynephrine in the OR for hypotension that was thought to be due to the prolonged anesthesia. Given the significant infection, the wound was left open, to close by secondary intention, with plan to treat with IV antibiotics over the weekend and re-implant a pacemaker next week. . With regards to the recent device infection in [**2113-1-12**], this was initially treated with IV vancomycin, but that was discontinued due to development of fever and rash. He was instead treated with a full course of IV linezolid. The site was noted to have significantly improved, and he was seen in [**Hospital **] clinic at the end of [**Month (only) 404**] at which point the site was considered to be healed. Per the patient, the site was stable for over 3 months, but he then developed a new area of erythema over the left lateral aspect of the pocket, with blistering. He was seen for this complaint in [**Hospital **] clinic on [**2113-6-7**]. He denies any fevers or chills but has been experiencing pain at the pacemaker site with his usual activity. His WBC was 5.1 with a normal differential on [**2113-6-12**], and he was admitted today for lead and device extraction for continued infection versus new pocket site infection. . On arrival to the CCU, the patient was hypotensive with SBP in the 60s. He received a 200cc NS IVF bolus with improvement to the 90s. He complains of left-sided chest pain as well as pain and tingling in his fingers bilaterally, left worse than right. There is no weakness or numbness of the hands. The pains are intermittent. ECG showed V-pacing at 60 bpm. STAT TTE showed no obvious effusion or depressed ventricular function, and STAT CXR was also unremarkable. His external pacemaker rate was increased from 60 to 80 bpm. IV Linezolid was started for possible septicemia. He did not require any further IVF or vasopressor support. . On review of systems, he denies any prior history of stroke, TIA, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, bleeding at the time of surgery, myalgias, joint pains, cough, hemoptysis, black stools or red stools. All of the other review of systems were negative. . Cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of dyspnea on exertion, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle edema, palpitations, syncope or presyncope.
This is a 59 year old patient with a PMH of DMII, HTN, MI ([**2135**])and history of persistent atrial fibrillation for several years. He is s/p atrial fibrillation ablation in [**5-23**] and had recurrent atrial flutter post procedure which required 2 DCCV??????s in [**8-22**]. He again was seen by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 13177**] for an episode of Atrial Flutter and was cardioverted in [**7-24**]. Although he feels reletively well in atrial flutter he has noticed a decrease in exercise tolerance due to shortness of breath. He used to be able to walk one mile but in the last 2 months his exercise tolerance has decreased to unable to climb 1 flight of stairs. He also experiences lightheadedess when bending over when he is in atrial flutter. Since the patient was becoming more sympomatic he was scheduled to undergo elective ablation. . During the procedure, initial BP was 168/109 (baseline). He got etomidate and succ for intubation, followed by fentanyl and midazolam. The procedure went well and his atrial flutter converted to NSR. Immediately after conversion, patient became hypotensive to 70/50. Stat echo showed mildly depressed EF without signs of tamponade. He was started on phenylephrine briefly which was quickly weaned prior to arrival in CCU. He was extubated without difficulty prior to transfer. . On arrival to the CCU patient is in NAD, alert and animated. No SOB, CP, dizziness, or nausea and vomiting. . On review of systems, he denies any prior history of stroke, TIA, deep venous thrombosis, or pulmonary embolism. He denies exertional buttock or calf pain. . Cardiac review of systems is notable for dyspnea on exertion, ankle edema, and palpatations. However there is absence of chest pain.
88 yo [**Location 7972**] F with hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, known AAA (4.4x4.1cm), AV nodal disease s/p pacer placement, PVD and AS with valve area 0.81 who presents after diagnostic right and left heart cath with a hypotensive episode. . The patient presented today from home for diagnostic right and left heart cath. Prior to the procedure, the patient was noted to be hypertensive to 145/110. She received 5mg IV lopressor. During the procedure, the patient was noted to be hypertensive to >200/100. She received heparin 1000U, nitroglycerin gtt at 40mcg/min and then 80mcg/min during the procedure with some bp response to 180/90. In the post-cath holding area after the procedure, the patient was again hypertensive to 224/94. She received hydralazine 10mg IV. Approximately 3 hours after the procedure at 1:15PM the patient complained of left leg pain described as cramping, contralateral to her groin access site on the right. She also complained of nausea and vomiting. She was noted at this time to have over 2L urine output in her foley bag. Her BP was 70/palp from 162/60. She received NS bolus of 1L, zofran 4mg IV, dopamine at 5 and then 12mcg/kg/min with improvement in her bp to 108/52. She was noted to have no hematoma or at her right groin site and dopplerable pulses in the distal extremities bilaterally. . On presentation to the ICU, the patient was noted to have a bp 141/74 off of dopamine. She complained of some mild epigastric discomfort. She denies experiencing this pain in the past however notes in OMR and verbal report from other physicians describes frequent complaints of abdominal pain. . Cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle edema, palpitations, syncope or presyncope. She endorses DOE after 3 flights of stairs in a recent cardiovascular clinic note though denies this currently. ROS otherwise negative in detail with the exception of some calf cramping occurring with activity and relieved with rest. .
On [**9-6**], the patient underwent a barium upper GI series. This study demonstrated a large ulcerated mass associated with the greater curve of the stomach in the distal portion.  On [**9-8**], upper endoscopy was performed, with the finding of a large ulcerated antral mass.  Upon biopsy, he has been considered to have an invasive adenocarcinoma of the signet ring type. On [**9-13**], a CT scan of the torso was obtained.  He was described as having a 4-mm right pulmonary lobe nodule.  There was a 6-mm hypodense lesion in segment III of the liver.  A 7.5 cm mass was seen in association with the greater curve of the stomach within the antrum.  There did appear to be some stranding or nodularity in the greater omentum extending towards the transverse colon, although there was no clear-cut involvement of the transverse colon.  There did not appear to be any significant retroperitoneal adenopathy.
Pt is 50 yo f with no significant PMH, who had the acute onset of N/V 2 days prior to admission. 2 days PTA, pt had dinner which included cooked ground beef and "moldy cheddar cheese". 4 hours later, the pt had "indigestion", took Tums, and then had the onset of N/V with vague abdominal discomfort. She had several additional episodes of non-bloody emesis over the next 48 hours. Yesterday, the pt also noted a diffuse, erythematous rash on her chest, back, arms, and legs (she is unsure where the rash started). She felt feverish and chilled, and reportedly had a temp of 99. She continued to have episodic N/V, called her PCP and was told to come to the ED. Denies any diarrhea, hematemesis, hematochezia, or dysuria. She has had decreased PO over the past 2 days. No recent travel. No new medications or herbal supplements. No sick contacts. [**Name (NI) **] ingestion of raw meat or seafood. Of note, pt's menstrual period started 3 days ago and she has been using tampons (currently has a tampon in place for last 12 hours). . In the [**Name (NI) **], pt had temp up to 104.2, BP down to 85/47, and HR up to 119. She was given 7 L IVF, a R SC central line was placed, and she was started on levophed. Her BP then improved to 112/61, and CVP was measured at 12. Her O2 sat also dropped to 81% on RA, and improved to 100% on 100% NRB. She was given zosyn, flagyl, tylenol, and zofran. She had an abdominal CT scan, which was negative. . Pt currently c/o mild, vague abdominal discomfort and mild SOB with cough (cough started in ED). Denies CP. Has a very mild headache, but no neck stiffness or photophobia.
56 yo W with ESRD on HD (MWF), HTN (last sBPs in 150s), HCV cirrhosis, Hypothyroidism, Anxiety, chronic back pain on methadone, presenting with systolic BPs in the 60s prior to and during [**Hospital 58910**] transferred to [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] for evaluation and management of hypotension. . She reports 1 month of increasing fatigue, weakness, and occasional falls (knee buckling). Occasional cough with brown sputum and chronic loose stools, but no fevers, chills, sweats, dyspnea, nausea, vomiting, black or bloody stools. Regarding her complaints, she reports that her BP medications have been adjusted, but this has not helped. She has also experienced intermittent L-sided sharp chest pains that worsen with arm movement, and was prescribed nitroglycerin that she ended up taking daily instead of on a PRN basis. . In the ED, initial vs were: T 97.4 P 69 BP 64/53 R 14 97% O2 sat on RA. Per report, she was mentating appropriately. A triple lumen femoral CVC was placed. She was bolused 500 cc, given Vancomycin and Zosyn, and started on Levophed at 0.06. CXR was unremarkable. CT C/A/P were obtained and prelim only significant for a right adenexal cyst (present since [**Month (only) 404**]). . On the floor, the patient was appropriate and comfortable. She was placed on a Nicom. CI and SVI improved with leg raise so Pt was given 250 cc, then on repeat given additional 250 cc. Levophed was weaned off. . Review of sytems: per HPI, otherwise negative
This is a 50 y/o male with a history of IV drug abuse, cirrhosis, ETOH abuse, DM and HTN who is transfered from [**Hospital6 **] after being diagnosed with L4-L5 osteomyelitis and epidural inflamation. . Patient presents with a history of 12 weeks of lower back pain, after lifting a steel door. Initially, he felt that it was not bothering him much, but the pain became progressively worse, and over the prior 4 days his pain was [**11-15**]. He states that it was difficult for him to move his left leg. Walking of sitting up was very difficult. He also refers pain and needles sensation down his left leg.  Denied bowel incontinence, althouh refers constipation. No urinary incontinence. No fevers, chills, nausea or vomiting. He has been tolerating po's well. . He refers history of IV drug use, and last time was [**2101-7-25**] using clean needles. On that date, he did miss [**First Name (Titles) **] [**Last Name (Titles) 5703**] and re-injected without cleaning the needle.  He developed a large cellulitis/furunculosis per the patient which he lanced and subsequently it healed on its own.  He was initially taking percocet for the pain but given that it was not working, he was started on methadone that seems to improve his pain control. He was also drinking vodka over the last 3 days to help with the pain. . He went to see his PCP Dr [**First Name (STitle) 10378**] who decided to sent a Lumbar MRI. Lumbar MRI [**2101-8-6**] showed discovertebral osteomyelitis at L4-L5 level with significant epidural inflammation. Also marked spinal stenosis. He was admitted to [**Hospital3 **] today. VS: T 99, BP 125/73 Hr 75 RR 16. Labs WBc 9.4, HCt 39.7 Plat 174. Na 130, k 4.6, Cl 94, HCO3 19.7 glucose 98. bun 13, Creati 0.6 and Calcium 8.8. . Given the question of possible vertebraectomy and his other comorbdities, patient was transfered for Neurosurgical evaluation. . In the [**Hospital1 **] ED: T 99.5 HR 75 BP 124/80 RR 16 Sats 99% RA. Evaluated by neurosurgery who would not intervene at this point but recomended obtaining biopsy from IR to identify the type of infection prior to starting antibiotics. They also recomended blood cx, CRP and ESR. At 19:30, he spiked to 101 and patient was given antibiotics in the Ed Unasyn, Vancomycin and Flagyl. He was also given dilaudid and methadone for pain. . On review of systems, the pt. denied recent fever or chills. No night sweats or recent weight loss or gain. Denied headache, sinus tenderness, rhinorrhea or congestion. Denied cough, shortness of breath. Denied chest pain or tightness, palpitations. Denied nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation or abdominal pain. No recent change in bowel or bladder habits. No dysuria. Denied arthralgias or myalgias.
CC:[**CC Contact Info 102866**] (per patient, who is a poor historian given her altered mental status) Pt is a 69 yo F with PMH schizoaffective disorder, DM2, CAD, dCHF, HTN, restrictive lung disease, discoid lupus, and vascular dementia who presented to [**Hospital1 18**] from her [**Hospital3 **] facility for altered mental status and hallucinations of 3 day duration.  Pt states the hallucinations began around the same time that developed sores in her mouth that made it painful/hard for her to eat.  Visual hallucinations consist of animals and people.  The animals are "sometimes scary."  Also admits to auditory hallucinations in which she hears voices.  She cannot recall the specific things the voices tell her, but says they are sometimes bad and sometimes good. She knows the hallucinations are not real.  She denies suicidal or homicidal ideation.  She also c/o fatigue and weakness for past three days, and reports insomnia and racing thoughts over that time as well. She c/o pain in her left leg and has a history of falls, but denies recent fall (confirmed by [**Hospital 4382**] facility). ROS per HPI plus: (+) headache "like my head is going to bust open," feeling cold, shortness of breath, cough productive of yellow sputum, rhinorrhea, urinary incontinence (at baseline), abdominal pain, constipation, left shoulder pain, and left knee pain. (-) She denies chest pain, nausea, vomiting, dysuria. In ED VS were T 98.6 F, HR 110, BP 148/100, RR 20, O2 sat 98% on room air. ED course: Chest x-ray, and head CT without contrast were obtained. No neurologic symptoms were noted. UA was negative.
73 year old patient of Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 11493**] with a history of rheumatic heart disease with moderate MR [**First Name (Titles) **] [**Last Name (Titles) **], PAF (on coumadin), hypertension who has a history of vague chest pain. She was admitted to [**Location (un) **] back in [**Month (only) 359**] and ruled out. Stress on [**2150-11-9**] exercised for 4 minutes on [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **] protocol to a heart rate of 98.  She experienced no chest pain and had no significant ST-T wave changes.  Nuclear images did show a posterolateral reversible defect in addition to a small anterior apical defect. She was seen last week by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 11493**] in the office for evaluation of near syncope and given an event monitor. Today she went to the [**Location (un) **] ER due to increasing chest pain over the past week with associated weakness. No significant findings on event monitor per [**Doctor Last Name 11493**]. Per patient, she has had symptoms of left shoulder pain radiating down her left arm and up left jaw for many years and all previous work-up has been negative. However, in past month, she has developed a new type of chest discomfort over entire chest and associated with nausea and feeling fatigued and lightheaded. No palps, no SOB, no LOC, no association with any activity. She has 4 episodes a day lasting about 5 minutes. Nothing make it better or worse and they occur irregardless of activity. . Upon arrival to [**Location (un) **] ER, INR 3.3. EKG without acute findings of ischemia. She received SLNTG X3 with no effect. Nitro gtt started and CP free after 30 min. Then, 45 min later developed hypotension to 84/36, pt asymptomatic -> nitro gtt stopped, 500 of NS, then 1L NS bolus. SBP in mid80's and she was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**]. . On route to [**Hospital1 18**], SBP dropped again->500 cc NS given. SBP dropped to 47/26 -> started dopamine 20 mcg in ambulance. BP rose to 110-130s within 5 minutes. NO chest pain, palps, SOB during this, but did feel more fatigued. . In CCU, afebrile, 111/64, 62, 100%2LNC. She reports feeling fatigued, but no other symptoms of CP, palp, SOB, LHD, dizzyness. At baseline, she can climb 2 flights of stairs and now feels slightly more fatigued than usual. . ROS remarkable for intermittent right eye loss of vision "like blind pulled down" for past month, occasional tingling and numbess of right face for at least 6 years (prior to stroke). +PND, sleeps with 2 pillows, no LE swelling, no pleuritic CP, recent illnesses, bladder/bowel changes.
61M with history of ESRD s/p CRT [**2101**], hypertension, diabetes, diastolic CHF, admitted on [**2107-11-12**] with acute on chronic dyspnea, now s/p PEA arrest. He presented on [**11-12**] with 2 days of worsening dyspnea, cough, and fever/chills.  Also with orthopnea, PND, and worsening edema in all 4 extremities. . Labs showed ARF with creatinine of 5.8 (up from 2.9).  During hospital course on the floor, renal function continued to worsen and urine output was low even with furosemide (unclear etiology of ARF).  Also noted to have intermittent somnolence but arousable and fully oriented.  ABGs repeatedly with partially compensated respiratory acidosis (has also had this in the recent past), team unsure how reliable ABGs were given bilateral UE fistulas. . Patient was in angio having hemodialysis line placed when his arrest event occurred.  He was placed in a lateral decubitus position due to difficulty lying flat due to shortness of breath.  Towards the end of his line placement, he became more agitated and was pushing his facemask away.  O2 sats were unable to be obtained.  He was then placed in supine position for line suturing.  He was then noted to be nonresponsive, code blue call.  Then noted to be pulseless.  CPR initiated and initial rhythm asystole/very slow PEA, subsequently faster PEA.  Total pulseless time 13 minutes.  Received total 2 mg epinephrine, 2 amps bicarb, 1 mg atropine, insulin/D50, IVFs via new HD line. Regained pulses with first SBP >180.  Intubated. . In the MICU, patient seemed to be waking up some but with also evidence of extensor posturing in upper and lower extremities. Neuro consulted.  Aline and CVL placed. . Review of systems: unable to obtain
45yo M with PMHx of refractory asthma with > 100 hospitalization and 17 past intubations now presenting with wheezing, SOB, worsening over the past 2 days. Patient developed cough and shortness of breath for the past week that he attributes to the hot weather. Over the past 2 days, patient has had worsening SOB and wheezing, not managed with home nebulizers. Prior to presentation in the ED, the patient used his nebulizers 6 times on the AM of presentation with no changes in symptoms. He reports that he increased his prednisone dose from 30mg daily to 80mg daily 3 days ago. His cough is productive of sputum, described as clear, thick and yellow. He reports that he had fever of 99.2 1 week ago. He has also noticed DOE, which the patient does not experience at baseline. Of note, he reports that his wife has been ill with coughing and runny nose. Initial vitals upon arrival to the ED: 98.0 103 153/98 22 97% RA. In the [**Last Name (LF) **], [**First Name3 (LF) **] verbal report, the patient is speaking in full sentences though having difficulty completing full sentences, but with no accessory muscle use and no tachypnea. The patient had a CXR which showed no effusions or consolidations concerning for PNA. The patient was given 2 Duo-Neb treatments, IV magnesium, and IV solumedrol 125mg ONCE. On arrival to the MICU, the patient is feeling tired, but denies chest pain, chest tightness, shortness of breath, abdominal pain, nausea, or vomiting.
71M with multiple myeloma currently on Velcade, mixed obstructive-restrictive lung disease, PAF, presented to the ED on [**2167-8-29**] complaining of polyuria.  Per sister, patient has been fatigued with poor po intake for several weeks. She is not aware of any acute changes in his health. She took him to his Velcade appointment on Friday, where he felt fatigued but was of normal mood and behavior.  He received day 4 of his Velcade at this time as well as 1u PRBCs. . His VS on presentation to the ED were T 99.6, HR 68, BP 106/56, RR 25, O2sat 97% RA.  His K was 6.0, so he was given Kayexalate 30g. On exam, he had RUQ tenderness with a normal RUQ ultrasound. He was also noted to be somewhat dyspneic with an elevated D-dimer so he was sent for a V/Q scan to rule out a PE. . Halfway through the scan, he became agitated and combative and had stool incontinence.  His VS upon return were HR 110, BP 144/65, O2sat 89% NRB. He was dyspneic, diaphoretic, and nonverbal. He was given Ativan 1mg IV for agitation. On lung exam, he had very poor air movement. He was intubated in the ED for airway protection with altered mental status and hypoxic respiratory failure. CXR showed clear lungs. He was given Solumedrol 125mg IV, Benadryl 50mg IV, and Pepcid 20mg IV to treat possible allergic reaction to the radionuclide material. He was also started on a propofol gtt for sedation and 2L NS. He was admitted to the MICU for further management. . In the MICU, he was quickly weaned off of the ventilator and on to a nasal cannula at 2L/min on the morning of [**2167-8-31**].  His mental status remained somewhat impaired in that he was never fully oriented to place.  He had 2 sets of blood cultures sent (though it's unclear if he was ever febrile) and grew gram(+) cocci in pairs/clusters from 3/4 bottles; he was started on vancomycin.  His sputum culture also had 4+ gram(+) cocci in pairs/chains.  His warfarin was initially held due to the possibility of an LP but this was never done since his mental status seemed to be improving.
34 yo male with a history of narcotic abuse who was attempting to detox himself at home who presented to OSH ED with altered MS.  Following history from patient's parents:  He had been on OxyContin  80-100 mg tid for ~1 year. On Monday (2d pta) he began an outpatient detox program (Primary Care Associates [**Telephone/Fax (1) **]).  Medications listed below, he was given a 1d prescription and the medications were administered by his mother.  On the 1st night he was restless and did not sleep well, therefore on Tuesday his regimen was changed to an increased dose of doxepin, librium, and neurontin and ambien and baclofen were added.  Last night, he was well at 10pm, then his parents were awoken by the alarm system and found [**Known firstname 17766**] in the garage - he was agitated and delerius.  They called the treatment program who recommended they take him to the ED.  At [**Hospital1 46**], he was agitated, HR 120-130s, SBP 130-150s.  He was given ativan, fentanyl, haldol, versed and was eventually intubated and paralyzed (given etomidate, succinylcholine). Also given banana bag and ancef (unclear etiology).  Of note, parents are reasonably sure that he did not take any medications other than those prescribed by the detox program - in the house they have Tylenol, Lipitor, Detrol.
69 year old [**Location 12189**] only male with a history of TB on INH, Rifampin, Pyrazinamide, AIDS CD4 156 who is followed by the [**Hospital **] clinic and was recently evaluated on [**2170-10-4**] with epigastric abdominal pain and found to have lymphoma on CT. The abdominal pain is diffuse and achy. He states that he's had abdominal pain x 1 month and recently returned from [**Country 3587**] where he was evaluated and treated with a "medication" that improved his symptoms there. However, he states that it has worsened over the past few days which caused him to seek attention in the [**Hospital **] clinic. He denies nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea. He has mild constipation. As a result, a CT torso was obtained on [**2170-10-5**] and the preliminary read showed multiple masses suggestive of lymphoma. Per OMR records, the patient has a long-standing history of abdominal pain since [**2164**] but imaging was obtained only recently. Based on the results of his CT scan, the patient was referred to the ED for further evaluation. There, his LDH was 1095, uric acid 22.6, AST 66, ALT 48, and sodium 129. He was subsequently admitted to OB on TB precautions for further workup of his grossly abnormal CT scan.
Mrs. [**Known lastname 52**] is a 63-year-old woman with a history of recurrent Burkitt's lymphoma D +15 of [**Hospital1 **], who was recently discharged from [**Hospital1 18**] after her first treatment for recurrence (see PMH). She had been doing well at home until the morning of [**2134-10-9**]. She had awoken early to come to her outpatient appointment at 7 [**Hospital 1826**] clinic, and on standing from bed, felt very lightheaded. She does not recall much after that point. Her son found her in the kitchen, lying against the cabinets in a pool of feces. They called 911, and on transport to [**Hospital3 **], her BP was found to be 58/38. She was given IVF on transport and in the ED at [**Hospital3 **]. . She was afebrile, and her blood pressure responded to fluid resuscitation to 90s/40s on transfer. She has been mentating the entire time. At the OSH a chest X-Ray and Head CT were done. Both of which were negative for any acute process. She was given a dose of vancomycin and cefepime at the outside hospital out of concern for infection given her neutropenia (WBC 0.2 at the OSH) and hypotension. . On arrival to the floor, her vitals were T 99.4, BP 105/50, HR 99, RR 18 and O2 sat 100% on RA. She is mentating well and is currently asymptomatic. She denies any fever or chills, cough, chest pain, shortness of breath, dysuria, frequency, urgency, myalgias, or abdominal pain. She admits to diarrhea this am, lightheadedness, feeling "dry," and pain in her mouth.
69 year-old man with a h/o DM2, CAD, CHF, GERD, chronic sinusitis, asthma, s/p esophageal dilatation who presents with uvular swelling.  Pt reports that he was walking to the bathroom at midnight when he noted the onset of a swelling sensation in his throat with difficulty and mild pain on swallowing.  He also notes mild lip swelling.  No urticaria, flushing, pruritis, or lightheadedness.  No fevers, cough, swollen lymph nodes, sore throat, or purulent sputum.  He has stable rhinorrhea worst at night from chronic sinusitis.  He denies any difficulty handling his secretions or dysphagia; these sx are dissimilar from those leading to his esophageal dilatation several years ago.  The patient does recall one similar prior episode a few years ago after eating a [**Location (un) 6002**].  At an OSH ED, he was given some medications and the swelling resolved after several hours; this was attributed to mayonnaise. He has tolerated this fine since and denies mayonnaise or other new foods recently.  He reports being on lisinopril for 2-3 years; he believes he was taking it at the time of this previous episode. His only new medication is ferrous sulfate, started yesterday AM.  He has not taken ASA or NSAIDs in at least 4 months due to his renal failure.  No insect stings or chemical exposures.  No chronic abdominal pain or family history of angioedema. . In the ED, initial vs were: T 98, P 82, BP 161/66, RR 22, O2sat 100. Pt was without stridor or wheezing with minimal tongue and lip swelling but +uvular hydrops. He was given diphenhydramine 50mg IV, famotidine 20mg IV, and methylprednisolone 125mg IV. Pt stable but given absence of improvement, he is being admitted to the ICU.  VS on transfer: T 98.0, P 83, BP 151/79, RR 14, O2sat 100% 2L. . On the floor, pt currently reports slight improvement in his swelling.  No difficulty handling secretions. .
63M s/p ruptured mycotic AAA repair with Dacron tube graft [**3-27**], now with infected AAA graft site by CT & MR.  His symptoms include sharp epigastric and mid-back pain, low grade fevers and general failure to thrive.
66yof w/ pmh CAD s/p CABG '[**85**], AAA repair, DM, PVD s/p bilat AKA, hypoithyroid, hyperlipidemia, CHF, dizziness, chroinic wounds (healed pressure ulcer on back, red cuts under breasts, old healing abd wound), presents to OSH [**12-20**] w/ presyncopal episodes and hypotension that had been on and off for three days.  She was managed on the floor but tx to CCU [**12-21**] for per report sustained VT w/ BP 50/.  She was intubated and shocked x5.  She was started on Procainamide gtt at 3mg/min, Neo gtt and propofol gtt.  Per report, while pt intubated and sedated, her she had no VT.  Her last shock was [**12-21**].She was weaned from sedation and extubated [**12-22**] and her VT re-occurred.  Since then, she has been in NS/SB 48-52 and has recurrent VT (5-10 beat runs) w/ BP 80-90/. She reported presyncopal attacks for 3 days prior to [**Last Name (un) **] presentation to the OSH. During these episodes, she felt dizzy and had reduction in her vision. No associated chest pain, [**Doctor Last Name **] or palpitations. No history of diarrhoea, vomiting or reduced intake. There had been no recent change in her home medications. In addition, she reprots that her caregiver noticed dark stool on day 2 of symptoms, unclear whether melanotic.  Denies any BRBPR, no nausea/vomiting/abdominal pain. Transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for possible EP ablation of the focus of her presumed Vtach. On arrival at [**Hospital1 18**] CCU, ECG in sinus revealed RBBB, LAFB, left atrial abnormality. ECG from OSH([**Hospital1 34**]) showed NSVT negative in II, III, F, positive in 1, L, transition at V3/V4 in setting of SVT possible AT at 260.
64 year old female with cardiac history of type 2 DM on insulin, hypertension and dyslipidemia presents to the ED with two week history of generalized weakness and poor po intake.  She reports having had nausea and vomiting for three days last week with subsequent improvement over the week.  She had similar episode of nausea/vomiting yesterday which led her daughters to bring her to the the [**Name (NI) **] today.  She reports no sick contacts, eating outside, fever, chills, change in bowel movement, chest pain, shortness of breath or dysuria. . In the ED, she was noted to have bradycardia in 50s, hypotensive to 69/54 and finger stick of 123.  Labs significant for acute kidney injury with creatinine of 3.3 (baseline of 1.1) and hematocrit of 25.5 (basline in mid 30s).  She was given glucagon 5 mg bolus x 1 without change in her rate or blood pressure. She was subsequently transferred to CCU for further evaluation and management. . In the CCU, she reported no complaints.  She was given IV atropine 1 mg x 1 which improved her heart rate and blood pressure. She was started on dopamine gtt at 5 mcg/kg/min which improved her heart rate but did not improve her blood pressure.
77 y/o M with h/o CHF (EF= 40-45% on ECHO [**4-/2104**]), atrial fibrillation on Coumadin presented to [**Hospital1 18**] as transfer from [**Hospital6 5016**] in [**Location (un) 7661**], MA for further management of hypoxia due to left upper lobe pneumonia and and ongoing delirium due to previous aspiration pneumonia (right middle lobe). The patient's current history starts [**2104-7-15**], when he was hospitalized at [**Hospital1 18**] (requiring a brief ICU stay) for left upper lobe pneumonia, treated with levofloxacin X7 day course. He was discharged home with [**Hospital1 269**], but around [**7-25**] he started having hypoxia (resting O2sat of 95%, ambulatory O2sat of 85%), and also had cloudy urine. He was treated with Ciprofloxacin X2-3 days for UTI, but because his hypoxia persisted and he had progressively worse dyspnea, he was admitted to [**Hospital1 18**] on [**7-27**]. A new right middle lobe infiltrate was noted on CXR during that admission, which was felt to be an aspiration pneumonia. Patient was evaluated by Speech and Swallow who felt he had silent aspirations. He was treated with an 8 day course of broad antibiotics (Vancomycin and Zosyn) which ended on [**2104-8-4**]. He was discharged to [**Hospital3 **] on the 20th, but on the 21st he was sent to the [**Hospital6 5016**] because his O2 sats were down in the 80s. At the OSH, a CT chest was performed that showed bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with brochiectasic changes and a small acute infiltrate in the left upper lobe. Patient received 4 days of levofloxacin IV. On the 24th, the patient and his family requested transfer to [**Hospital1 18**] for further management of his treatment because this is where he gets the majority of his treatment. . Of note, the CTA chest from [**7-15**] states: "Extensive consolidation involving the left upper lobe, could represent infection. However, given the clinical history of elevated INR, hemoptysis, and lack of symptoms of pneumonia, this could represent pulmonary hemorrhage." . Also, since the patient's discharge from first admission, on [**7-20**] there has been concerns regarding ongoing altered mental status. For a while, the patient's wife had to have friends take turns supervising him at home when she was out. Geriatrics was involved during the patient's last [**Hospital1 18**] admission for difficult to manage delirium which was felt somewhat more consistent with that of acute brain injury. Psychiatry at [**Hospital6 5016**] saw the patient during his current admission and felt he was delirious from ongoing hypoxia, and pulmonary disease. Prior to his presentation to [**Hospital1 18**] on [**7-15**], the patient had been functional and travelling through [**Country 18084**] where he climbed up to Edinburgh Castle. . Upon transfer to the [**Hospital1 18**], the patient was stable. When interviewed, however, he was alert and oriented X2 but not making much sense in his answers. When asked about his symptoms, he would talk about his coming from [**Location (un) **] many years ago. He did endorse trouble breathing and anxiety. The RN noted he coughed up mucous with blood. .
This is an 88 yo man transferred from OSH [**11-4**] for ERCP for biliary obstruction with obstructive hepatopathy. presented to [**Hospital 1562**] Hospital on [**11-3**] with increasing shortness of breath, dizziness, and jaundice. Per OSH also reported fevers, chills, and nausea. Had gveen given bactrim for a UTI one week prior. He underwent an abdomen CT which showed intrahepatic and extrahepatic obstruction likely secondary to metastatic cancer to the pancreatic head. He was started on flagyl, zosyn, and vanc and transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for ERCP. While being prepped for ERCP (while under MAC) and turned prone he regurgitated coffee-brown material so he was electively intubated due to concern for his risk of aspiration. They proceded with ERCP, but were unable to cannulate the biliary tree. A dudodenal stent was placed due to external compression of the duodenum. He was placed on propofol for sedation and his SBP's dropped to the 80's in the PACU. He was started on neo through a PIV for pressure support. In the ICU the neo was rapidly weaned and he was extubated easily [**11-5**]. It was thought that his inability to extubate post-procedure and hypotension were due to sedation rather than aspiration given his rapid improvement. ROS: 10 point review of systems negative except as noted above.
Mr. [**Known lastname 49249**] is a 54 year old gentleman with HTN, DM2, CKD (baseline Cr 2.0-2.2), CAD s/p CABG [**2186**], as well as systolic and diastolic heart failure (EF had been as low as 20% but last known to be 40%), who was recently admitted to the [**Hospital1 18**] Cardiology service from clinic on [**2195-10-16**] for worsening dyspnea over 2 weeks. CHF exacerbation was in the setting of new inferior HK and he was diuresed with hopes of pursuing RHC/LHC. Hospital course was complicated by [**Last Name (un) **] (Cr>3.0), PIV-associated MSSA bacteremia (did not want [**Last Name (LF) **], [**First Name3 (LF) **] dc'ed on IV nafcillin x4 weeks). RHC was done and showed elevated filling pressures, so he was transferred to the CCU for Milrinone to assist with Lasix gtt. Due to infection, he was only on milrinone for a few hours. He was transferred back to the floor and was diuresed well prior to discharge. He followed up in clinic on [**2195-10-27**] and was found to have creatinine elevated to 5.4 despite holding torsemide on [**10-22**] (took it [**10-27**]). He was admitted to [**Hospital1 1516**] for management of his [**Last Name (un) **]. On interview this afternoon, he denies SOB at rest. He hasn't been walking much, but doesn't feel "crushing fatigue" now like he did before. He has been sitting to sleep, which he does think is worse than when he was admitted. His itchiness continues, but isn't worse than when in the hospital. He does endorse nausea, diarrhea (8 loose stools a day) which he reports started with the nafcillin. Denies fever, chills, abd pain. He reports "I don't do well with IVs. They always increase my creatinine regardless of what it is." He has been following the same diet and eating light. He reports poor intake of fluid as he's trying to avoid drinking a lot, "much less than 1L a day." His right eye seems like it has a swollen eyelid today, but he hasn't noticed. His wife reports that it always looks like this. No headache. Reports we weighed 219 today (recorded as 219.2), 215 yesterday, 211 on discharge. On review of systems, he denies any prior history of stroke, TIA, pulmonary embolism, bleeding at the time of surgery, myalgias, joint pains, cough, hemoptysis, black stools or red stools. He denies recent fevers, chills or rigors. He denies exertional buttock or calf pain. All of the other review of systems were negative. Cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain, palpitations, syncope or presyncope. +Orthopnea, +PND
History Present Illness: 22M s/p stab to LUQ w/ 6" knife w/ large hematemesis ~2-3L, brought into ED via [**Location (un) **], received 2 units RBC, hemodynamically stable, intubated w/ more hematemesis post-intubation, additional 3units RBCs given during flight.  Pt was then brought emergently to OR where on ex-lap, there was concern for aortic injury on top of gastric/hepatic injuries.
51 y/o M transferred from [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 8125**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] with coffee ground emesis. Recently admitted to [**Hospital Unit Name 196**] service with an NSTEMI/viral myo-pericarditis.  At that time cath demonstrated clean coronaries, but trop reached 3.0, and regional LV systolic dysfunction.  No echo performed.  Was treated with NSAIDS during hospital stay.  Since going home has he intermittent chills, fevers.  Black vomitus since Thursday.  Went to OSH with coffee ground emesis.  No BRB.  Guaiac positive from below.  No NG lavage done at OSH. In the ED, initial vs were: T 99.0 P114 BP105/70 R93-94% 2LNC O2 sat. Hct stable at OSH.  OG tube was flushed and did not clear, but no BRB - was dark colored.  No further emesis.  CT torso obtained given recent instrumentation that showed airspace opacities in right, middle, and upper lobes, c/w aspiration and pneumonia.  Was given vancomycin in ED, had received levaquin at OSH.  GI consult felt this was likely not variceal bleed and said would see first thing in AM.  PPI gtt continued, and octreotide d/c'd. At time of transfer, HR 105, 124/69, RR16, 93%2-3L NC, patient with 4 large guage peripheral IV's.
Ms. [**Known lastname 70011**] is a [**Age over 90 **] yo female with severe RA who presented to OSH with LGIB on [**11-11**]. [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **]-gastric lavage was negative. Initally the patient was hypotensive with SBP in the 80s. The patient was given fluids and was transfused 2U of FFP and 2U of PRBC. Only poor peripheral access was obtained (20G in foot) and therefore a CVL was attempted. An attempt for a R femoral line was unsuccessful. A RIJ attempt was unsuccessful as the wire was traveling in the head. When trying to place a L subclavian line, the physician in the OSH was unable to withdraw the wire. A CXR revealed the CVL wire coiled in the IVC filter. The patient is transfered for IR intervention to withdraw the wire. . On arrival to the [**Hospital1 18**], the patient denied any CP, SOB, abdominal pain, back pain. She denied any BRBPR prior to this episode. She states that the BRBPR started last two days. The patient denies ever having had any colonoscopy before. She denies any LH or dizziness. The patient is s/p recent THR that was complicated by a DVT. The pt had an IVC filter placed and was on Heparin sc TID for DVT prophylaxis.
The patient is a 37-year oldfemale with a right atrial mass that was found on echocardiogram.  The patient was hospitalized in [**Month (only) 958**] of this year for an asthma exacerbation.  The patient underwent an echocardiogram to follow up for a high-dose steroid use. The echocardiogram revealed a right atrial mass.  The patient had reported six to seven weeks of a low-grade fever with a temperature of 99 to 100.  The patient was placed on Ceftin for a positive urinary tract infection, and since then she has had no fevers.  The patient reportedly had received 125 mg of Solu-Medrol two days prior to admission for an asthma exacerbation.  The patient's Perm-A-Cath (through which she was receiving gamma globulin) was discontinued under local anesthetic on Friday - three days prior to admission.  She complained of no pain since that time. The patient had an echocardiogram in [**Month (only) 958**] of this year with an ejection fraction of 65 percent and a right atrial mass of 2 cm x 2 cm. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  The patient has a significant history of asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, hypertension, morbid obesity, degenerative disc disease, systemic lupus erythematosus, sleep apnea, hypoglycemia, skin cancer, renal calculi, steroid-induced myopathy of the spine, and rheumatoid arthritis. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  The patient is status post laparoscopic cholecystectomy, bilateral temporal artery biopsy, and right subclavian Port-A-Cath placement. ALLERGIES:  She is allergic to BETADINE, ERYTHROMYCIN, SULFA, AMOXICILLIN, AUGMENTIN, CIPROFLOXACIN, VASOTEC, BIAXIN, TETRACYCLINE, XOLAIR, OXYCONTIN, ETODOLAC, PSEUDOEPHEDRINE, and GUAIFENESIN.
Mr. [**Known lastname 26644**] is [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 664**] 72 yo with known coronary disease, s/p MI'[**41**] s/p PCI/stent, s/p PCI [**2155**] now with increasing episodes of chest tightness and shortness of breath with exertion with minimal walking or bending over.  He denies any history of chest pain.  A stress test in [**Month (only) 404**] revealed moderate ischemia in the inferior posterior region with normal LV size and an EF of 52% with inferior hypokinesis.  He had a cardiac cath which showed EF 60%, 45%LM, 99% subtotal mid -distal RCA lesion with L-R collaterals, 85%mLAD, diffuse 50-60%mLCx.  He was transfered for CABG.
57F heavy smoker with recent admission [**2112-10-1**] - [**2112-10-3**] with chest and abdominal pain and odynophagia who was found to have circumferential mural thrombus in the supra-renal aorta on cross sectional imaging. At that time the aortic pathology was though to be chronic. Ultimately, her pain resolved with the initiation of a PPI and GI cocktail, and was discharged home after a 3 day hospital stay. On [**10-6**] she again presented to an OSH with abdominal pain where a CT abdomen was done which showed an aortic dissection. She was emergently transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] where a CTA of the torso confirmed an aortic dissection of the descending thoracic aorta (at the level of the left pulmonary vein) to just below the takeoff of the celiac. At the time of presentation to [**Hospital1 18**] she was not complaining of any abdominal pain and her vascular exam was unchanged (palpable bilateral upper and lower extremity pulses). .
54 year old female with knowncoronary artery disease, with history of multiple (4) stents,HTN, hyperlipidemia, and positive tobacco use presented [**Hospital 85297**] hospital with unstable angina and a marginally elevated troponin. Cardiac cath revealed mltivessel coronary disease with in-stent stenosis. She was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for surgical evaluation of coronary revascularization.
Ms. [**Known lastname 84119**] is an 85 year-old woman with resp failure/vent dependent s/p trach, recent PEs, sCHF (EF 25%), AF, and PVD who is transferred from rehab because of unresponsiveness and low tidal volumes and is admitted to MICU for further management. . She was discharged on [**2169-1-13**] from the thoracics service after presenting from an OSH with tracheal laceration in the setting of traumatic intubation and sub-cutaneous emphysema post-intubation.  Her recent history prior to that includes a fall on [**10-31**] with a C2 odontoid fracture and diagnosis of PEs in the setting of dyspnea on [**2168-12-10**] requiring intubation (complicated by trach injury) for hypercapnea.  On the thoracics service, she [**Date Range 1834**] multiple bronchoscopies and trach placement ((#7 [**Last Name (un) 295**]) and revisions with clot demonstrated in posterior trachea and trach dislodgement.  She was discharged on trach cpap with cmv onvernight.  She was transitioned from CMV ventilation to CPAP, and was able to tolerate trach collar for unspecified periods of time. . At rehab, she had AMS/unresponsiveness which is different from her baseline, and low tidal volumes on pressure support and was transferred to the [**Hospital1 18**] for further management.  ABG 7.24/44/91 (?may be an error) and 98.6 74 26 95/61 92% on fio2 40% per rehab notes. . In the ED, vital signs were initially: 99 61  106/49 100% on vent. CXR showed  pleural effusions but no acute findings and IP was consulted and felt trach was in good position and she did not need urgent intervention.  Thoracics was also notified and will follow the patient.  Head CT neg.  UA was grossly positive and cipro was started.  She was also on a heparin gtt on arrival and this was stopped when coags returned within INR 6.  She was then admitted for further management.
35F with a h/o active IV drug abuse who presented to an OSH ED c/o jaundice and abdominal pain on [**2113-3-6**], found to have and ultimately transferred to the [**Hospital1 18**] [**2113-3-10**] for ERCP.  Ms. [**Last Name (un) 110632**] reports noticing RUQ pain intermittently for the past three months, but it had not become bad enough for her to seek medical attention.  When she also developed jaundice associated with generalized malaise and myalgias, she presented to the [**Hospital3 **] ED, where she was found to have elevated LFTS (TB 9.6, DB 6.6, alb 3.6, AST 638, ALT 640, AP 615, and WBC 13.6), and cholelithiasis without ductal dilation on ultrasound. Hepatitis C titer was positive.  She was admitted for further work-up. When MRCP on [**1-/2030**] revealed cholelithiasis, possible cholecystitis, and cystic duct stones without CBD or IHD dilation, she was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] on [**2113-3-10**] for ERCP. ERCP revealed a laceration of the major papilla suggestive of recent stone passage, and stones were noted in the lower CBD with an impacted stone at the ampulla.  Sphincterotomy and stone extraction were performed, but subsequent cholangiography revealed constrast extravasation suggesting perforation.  Two biliary stents and an NGT were placed, and arrangement for direct admission to the West 2A Surgery service was made.
This is a 55-year-old woman with DM II, HTN, hyperlipidemia and an extensive family history of early CAD who is admitted on [**4-6**] after anginal symptoms during outpatient ETT and EKG changes suggestive of myocardial ischemia. . Ms. [**Known lastname 24850**] complains of 4 months of exertional chest pain. She is aware of a "pressure" in her chest after about 10 minutes of exercise (such as walking up stairs).  It is associated with some mild SOB and palpitations; she [**Known lastname **] nausea, vomiting, or diaphoresis.  Prescribed nitro by outpatient provider. . On admission, Ms. [**First Name (Titles) 24851**] [**Last Name (Titles) **] chest pain, shortness of breath, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle edema, palpitations, syncope or presyncope.  Other review of systems is negative for abdominal pain, constipation, fever, chills, or other concerning signs or symptoms.  Ms. [**Known lastname 24850**] does complain of a headache, which she states is her usual migraine.
30F with a history of [**Doctor Last Name 9376**] disease and chronic pancytopenia/neutropenia who is re-admitted with reaccumulation of fluid following initial drainage of posterior/parapharyngeal abscess on [**2124-2-23**]. She initially presented ~3 weeks ago with neck/swallowing pain and was found to have the above abscess on CT imaging, which was drained and cultures ultimately grew beta streptococcus group A and propionobacterium acnes. She was treated with meropenem for this (changed to ertapenem upon discharge). Her initial hospitalization ([**Date range (1) 61436**]) was complicated by intubation for airway protection x several days, neutropenia (WBC nadir 0.6 with 67% neutrophils on [**2-26**]), anemia to Hct < 21 (received 2 units pRBCs). She also developed left IJ nearly-occlusive clot, which was not felt to be septic in origin. After multispecialist discussion, the decision was made not to anticoagulate as risks were felt to outweigh benefits. She was seen by hematology during that admission and started on Neupogen, which was stopped when WBC count came > 3500. She had planned follow up as an outpatient for ? BMBx in early [**Month (only) 116**]. After returning home, she initially stabilized and felt she was beginning to improve; however, her husband noticed after several days that she was developing increased swelling at the surgical site as well as increased drainage. She also had increased pain and developed nightsweats, though temps were in 99s (no true fever). She came back to ED where CT scan showed re-accumulation of fluid, and she was taken back to OR [**2124-3-14**] by ENT for drainage. She spent the night in SICU for observation, where she has done well from a surgical perspective (3 drains in place, no airway compromise). Currently she has minimal complaints of neck pain well controlled with dilaudid PCA.  Has no difficulty swallowing, breathing or speaking.
Mr. [**Known lastname **] is a 60-year-old malewith metastatic melanoma, admitted to begin cycle 1, week 1 high-dose IL-2 therapy. His oncologic history began in [**2184-7-27**], when he noted a right groin skin tag which grew quickly over 2 months. Excisional biopsy in [**2184-10-27**] revealed a greater than 11 mm thick, ulcerated melanoma with perineural invasion and mitotic rate of 8 per meters squared. He was referred to Cutaneous [**Hospital **] Clinic, at which point 2 subcutaneous nodules along the right groin scar were noted and a left posterior shoulder subcutaneous nodule was noted. Fine needle aspiration confirmed a melanoma at the site. PET CT revealed widespread metastases in the lung, liver, subcutaneous tissues and bone. Brain MRI was negative. He was evaluated for high-dose IL-2 and passed eligibility testing to begin therapy. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  BPH, status post laparoscopic cholecystectomy in [**2178**], left knee arthroscopic surgery complicated by left DVT, hypertension, sleep apnea, osteoarthritis of the right knee, melanoma as above, benign positional vertigo, history of pseudogout, history of C-7 narrowing with occasional nerve pain. ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies. MEDICATIONS:  Lisinopril 20 mg daily, on hold, Flomax 0.4 mg daily, Proscar 5 mg daily, Naprosyn 500 daily to b.i.d. p.r.n. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  GENERAL:  Well-appearing male in no acute distress. Performance status 1. VITAL SIGNS: 97.5, 130,
65 F h/o HTN, AFIB, s/p AVR/MVR [**12-27**] RF, developed low back pain and dark stools 3d PTA. She presented to PCP ~2d PTA, and left a stool sample. Labs revealed INR=4.7, HCT=32->31 (baseline 38-10), and pt was called earlier on morning of admission and told to present to ED. Pt denied diarrhaea, constipation, recent NSAID use, or regular alcohol consumption. In the ED, VS: 97.8 70 102/59 16 97%RA. She was guiaic positive rectally. NGL was negative. She was given 1L IVF and started on protonix. . She was in the MICU with stable HD and stable hct since that time. GI was consulted and plans for scope likely on Monday. She is on a heparin gtt to allow her INR to drift down in preparation for procedure.
62 yo female with history of hypothyroidism and chronic back pain s/p multiple back surgeries wuth epidural steroid injection 2 months prior to admission who presented to OSH with fever for 5 days, found to have pancreatitis and multifocal pneumonia, transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for ERCP. On admission at OSH [**8-28**], she was found to have elevated lipase (peak 1690, down to 613 on transfer), elevated LFTs (admission AST 130/ALT 143/Alk phos 179, transfer AST 43/ALT 67/Alk phos 113/T bili 0.5), and MRI findings consistent with acute pancreatitis. MRCP showed no fluid collection, pseudocyst, abscess, biliary duct dilation, nor pancreatic duct dilation. Patient was initially managed with IVF. She became increasingly short of breath on [**8-29**] however, saturating 90% on 4L O2, and was transferred to the OSH ICU. CXR showed bilateral patchy infiltates concerning for biliary sepsis. CT Chest showed extensive consolidation with air bronchograms in RUL and ground glass opacities in LUL as well as small bilateral pleural effusions. CT pelvis negative for abscess. She was started on antibiotics (vanc, zosyn, moxifloxacin) and cultures were sent (pending). She is being transferred to [**Hospital1 **] for ERCP on Tuesday. . In the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**], she is afebrile and pain-free.
74 yo male with h/o DM2, HTN, CAD with stent placement, one kidney, Parkinson's dz. End-stage tricompartmental OA, presented for right TKR. After surgery, patient was somnolent and with low urine output. In OR/PACU patient received 4L liters fluids + 500 cc 5% albumin, with UOP 376cc (10-20 cc/hr).  Patient developed increasing somnolence throughout the day.  Received total 1.5mg dilaudid per PCA in PACU.  He also received 1g tylenol and 4U insulin SC.  Creatinine was 1.3 (baseline 1.0-1.2).  Hematocrit 25 at 5pm, subsequently 23 (baseline 30-33).  ABG 7.42/44/64/30.
65F with history of sciatica and chronic low back pain, presenting to [**Hospital3 10310**] hospital with worsening back pain, now admit to MICU with altered mental status, renal failure and multiple epidural abcesses.  She began to feel ill one week ago when she acutely felt "awful" with low-grade fevers, back pain and thought she had the flu.  She went to the ED, where she was treated with ibuprofen, Vicodin and Tamiflu.  She stayed home for the rest of the week resting her back, until the pain worsened on Friday and she went to see her PCP.  [**Name10 (NameIs) **] was diagnosed with sciatica and sent home with Percocet.  Over Saturday and Sunday she became increasingly somnolent, sleeping excessively and refusing to eat.  Initially she would still drink water through a straw, but stopped doing that Sunday.  Her husband called the [**Name (NI) **] for advice, and was told to call 911.  She had not complained specifically of headaches and he did not notice photophobia or neck stiffness.  She may have been urinating less, but did not complain of dysuria. EMS arrived to find her supine on the couch complaining of back pain.  In the OSH ED her VS were T 99.6, HR 120, BP 132/68, 91% on RA.   Given ceftriaxone, flagyl, clindamycin, and vancomycin. Episode of transient tachycardia to 120s that resolved with fluids.  Found to have new ARF, a positive UA and leukocytosis to 20K with 14% bands.  No imaging done there before she was transferred to the [**Hospital1 **]. . In the [**Hospital1 18**] ED, initial vs were: T97.9 HR103 113/76 R30 98% on RA.  She was very somnolent and confused speech when awoken. Noted to have pustular and petichial rash over torso and lower extremities.  Difficult neurologic exam given cooperation.  Head CT normal.  MRI performed that was concerning for multiple diffuse epidural collections on a noncontrast scan limited somewhat by motion.  Spine service was consulted, who reviewed MRI and felt no spine compression - no surgical intervention right now.  Lactate elevated.  She received vanco, ceftriaxone, and was supposed to get ampicillin and acyclovir, which did not happen prior to transfer.  Did not LP given concern for epidural collections.  Blood cultures drawn (others pending at OSH) and heme/onc consulted out of concern for TTP. On the floor, she is somnolent but arousable and does open her eyes.  She grimaces on movement of any of her extremities but does not speak.  Will answer yes if asked if she has pain but does not speak. .
This a 43 year old female with metastatic breast cancer, to liver, lung, brain, and bone who presented with 1-2days jaudice, nausea and mild RUQ on palpation on [**2187-8-15**]. In the ED, a RUQ U/S was unable to identify the CBD but it did show dilatation of the pancreatic duct which was suspcious for CBD stone. ERCP with stent placement was performed on [**2187-8-16**]. Patient was treated with IV Ciprofloxacin and stable on the OMED service until the early am of [**2187-8-19**] when patient was found to be hypotensive to SBP 70s, hypothermic to 95, with a rising lactate of 4.2. Patient received 3L IVF boluses and blood pressure remained fluid responsive. . Patient reported feeling the worst of her stay this am but denies localizing symptoms. She denies RUQ pain, fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting, cough, urinary urgency or frequency, dysuria, or SOB. No HA or confusion. Of note, she has chronic back pain that is unchanged from baseline. .
Ms. [**Known lastname 92191**] is a 39 year-old female with a history of NHL T-cell status post mini-allo-MUD BMT in [**12/2114**] complicated by grade 1 skin GVHD now in remission, off CSA since [**6-/2115**], Prednisone [**2-/2116**], and Cellcept [**4-/2116**], who presents from the ED with hypotension, and fever. * She was recently evaluated in the Hem/[**Hospital **] clinic and a restaging PET scan was worrisome for two new bilateral foci of increased FDG uptake in the neck raising suspicion for recurrent FDG-avid lymphoma. She was therefore scheduled for a CT neck with contrast today for further evaluation. She pressented for her CT scan to [**Hospital1 18**], and underwent the study uneventfully. Following the procedure, she ate a hamburger with mayonnaise from the cafeteria, and walked home. When she arrived, she developed vague diffuse abdominal pain, then watery diarrhea X 3-4 times. She also endorses N/V, with emesis X multiple times. Around the same time, she also noted a new pruritic rash inside both her ankles, which susbsequently resolved. She called EMS, who came to her house, but for an unclear reason felt that she did not require further care. She subsequently presented to the ED for further evaluation. + chills and subjective fever, + flushing. Mild dry cough over past few days. She reports a [**12-20**]-week history of urinary frequency, no dysuria. ? Cloudy urine in past week, with right-sided back pain. Urine culture from [**7-22**] (hem/onc clinic) contaminated. No recent travel, no other unusual food. She lives in a boarding home, may have been in contact with other sick people. * In the ED, her initial vitals were T 104.2, HR 147, BP 91/39, RR 18, Sat 98% RA. She was hydrated with 6.5 L NS, and given Vancomycin 1gm, Levofloxacin 500 mg IV, and Cefepime 2gm IV. She was also given HC 100 mg IV, and Benadryl 25 mg IV. Her blood pressure improved with the above therapy. A right IJ triple lumen was placed in sterile conditions. She is being admitted for further care.
84 yo male with multiple medical problems, including hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, CAD, and history of CVA's who presented to the ED with a 24 history of weakness, cough, SOB and nausea. He denied fevers, chills, chest pain, abdominal pain. Emesis x 1 that AM. In ED he was found to be hypoxemic w/ sats 85% on RA, pulmonary edema on CXR and SBP in the 80's. On presentation, however, the patient was alert and oriented, appropriate and mentating well. He initially received 2L NS for IVF hydration, as well as antibiotics including ceftriaxone, azithromycin, vancomycin for suspected community acquired pneumonia. The patient then went into rapid afib with HR in the 140's. He was given 5 mg Lopressor IV and his HR decreased to 100. However, the patient's respiratory status declined precipitously and his sats dipped to 86% on a 100% face mask. He was placed on a nonrebreather and subsequently intubated in the setting of impending respiratory failure. Peri-intubation the patient again became hypotensive with SBP in the 80-60's and was started on dopamine and dilt for rate control. After intubation and central line placement, the patient was transferred to the MICU and admitted with a running diagnosis of sepsis caused by an underlying community acquired pneumonia. Although the patient had a extensive medical history and problem list, prior to presentation and subsequent admission to the hospital he was fairly independent and ambulatory, living at home with his wife.
Ms. [**Known lastname 4003**] is a 47 year old woman who carries a diagnosis of HTLV-associated adult T-Cell leukemia/lymphoma who presents from routine clinic appointment with hypercalcemia, with a corrected calcium of 15.5. She received a liter of normal saline, but no bisphosphonate, and was subsequently admitted to the floor. . She was recently hospitalized from [**2103-7-11**] through [**2103-8-4**], also for hypercalcemia with acute mental status changes, which was attributed to progression of her hematologic malignancy. Following IV hydration and zometa, her calcium normalized, and she underwent treatment with [**Hospital1 **] cycle 1. Her post-chemo course was unfortunately complicated by DIC requiring multiple cryoprecipitate, C. dif colitis, CMV viremia, and a severe abdominal pain requiring bowel rest with TPN. She developed a LLL pnuemonia towards the end of her hospitalization and was discharged on a 10 day course of levaquin in addition to home TPN. . Since her discharge, Ms. [**Known lastname 4003**] has been slowly regaining her strength, noting persistent fatigue which has acutely worsened today. She denies acute confusion or mental status changes which accompanied her previous hypercalcemic episode. She notes no pain or paresthesias or tetany. Her last hospitalization was complicated by severe abdominal pain requiring bowel rest- she remains on home TPN and has been tolerating light meals due to a sense of fullness. She also had CXR evidence of LLL pneumonia and had been discharged on levaquin, which she has taken. She had also developed C.dif, and CMV viremia, which had been maintained on PO flagyl x 14d and valganciclovir in the outpatient setting. . On review of systems, the patient denies fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, malaise, rigors, abdominal pain, blood in the stools, shortness of breath, cough, dysuria, hematuria, paresthesias, weakness.
[**Known firstname 553**] [**Known lastname 1806**] is a 56 year-old woman with a history of bipolar disorder, hypothyroidism, psoriatic arthitis, and diabetes mellitus who presents with mental status changes since [**8-2**]. According to her family she was in her usual state of health until about a week ago when she started having difficulty with word finding, short term memory, using household items, and was walking slowly.  They also state that she seemed slightly unsteady while walking but has had no other abnormal movements. Of note, she was prescribed TMP/SMX on [**7-30**] for nasal cellulitis. Her son, a nurse, suspected lithium toxicity and called her PCP who referred them to the ED. In the ED, her initial vitals were T 98.8, HR 63, BP 144/64, RR 20,  100% RA.  She was found to have a Cr of 1.3 from a baseline of 0.7 and a lithium level of 2.0.  Glucose was 215 (she has had episodes of hyperosmolar hyperglycemic episodes in the past). Toxicology was consulted, recommending dialysis due to her symptoms.  Nephrology recommended aggressive hydration first, and regardless, the patient refused to have dialysis or Foley catheters placed.  She received 3 L NS in the ED with marked improvements in her symptoms, although she did not return to baseline.  She was admitted to the MICU for monitoring and aggressive diuresis. Upon arrival, her vitals were T 36.4, HR 66, BP 154/69, RR 19, Sat 99% RA.  She was comfortable and in NAD. ROS:  Positive for loose stools for several months, and increased urinary frequency for one day.  She had no fevers, chills, chest pain, dyspnea, nausea, vomiting, dysuria, urinary frequency, or extremity pain.
Mr. [**Known lastname **] is a pleasant 87 years old man, previously relatively healthy, who developed anorexia and had a 15 lbs weight loss over the past 6 weeks. He states that he had his last full "real" meal about 6 weeks ago after which he "lost interest" in eating. He specifically denies any problems with dysphagia, pain with eating or swallowing, choking, food getting stuck, early satiety, nausea or vomiting. He also denies any fevers or chills, and continues to have small bowel movements. Over the past 6 weeks he has been only taking liquids to stay hydrated, no solid food, and has lost at least 15 lbs as a result. He has a very mild shortness of breath but in general aside from "not wanting to eat" denies anything else that is bothering him at present. He has visited his PCP several times and was finally referred for admission to [**Hospital **] Hospital due to failure to thrive. He had a CT today which shows a large left diaphragmatic hernia with abdominal contents in the left chest, with organo-axial volvulus. He received zosyn and Protonix 40 at [**Hospital1 **] and was transferred here for further management of this complex surgical problem.
78 year old woman who takes Plavix and Aspirin daily and fell [**4-2**] at her daughter's home. The patient is intubated and non communicative at the time of initial exam.  Her daughter and health care proxy is able to relay the events from the time of the patients fall at 430 pm [**4-2**]. Her daughter reports that she was in another room when her mother fell.  The daughter heard her mother fall and went immediately to her side. The patient tripped on the last stair of her home. There was no observed loss of consciousness and the patient stated at the time of the fall that she lost her footing on the steps.  At baseline, the patient has difficulty with her knees that caused her unsteadiness.  The patient had a left eyebrow laceration from the fall, but was completely neurologically intact per the daughter. The daughter took the patient to [**Name (NI) 620**] [**Name (NI) **] . At 7pm the pt became aphasic and lethargic and had a Head CT which showed a large left intraparenchymal bleed.  The patient was electively intubated and transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] ED for definitive care.
This is a 69 year old man with PMH of colostomy 20 years ago who presents with bleeding per rectum. He reports being in his normal state of health until 4 days ago, when he noticed slight stomach ache, then had maroon bowel movements, [**4-13**] daily. He reports that this continued until the morning of presentation, when he had a syncopal episode and went to the ER on [**Location (un) 7453**] by EMS. He was found to have a HCT of 19, and was given 3 units prbc. An abdominal CT was performed with showed possible gastric mass but was limited by lack of contrast. He was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] by [**Location (un) **]. . At [**Hospital1 18**], his initial hct was 26. He was tachycardic to 117 but blood pressure was 137/56. He had a bowel movement reported to be "maroon" with some black parts, but denies black bowel movments otherwise. He was admitted to the ICU for further management and endoscopy. . ROS: He denies abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, hematemesis, fever, chills, lightheadedness, chest pain, shortness of breath, or other concerns.
This is a 64 year old male with past medical history significant for CAB s/p CABG in [**2111**] (LIMA-LAD and SVG-OM), dyslipidemia, peripheral vascular disease (s/p multiple stents to bilateral iliacs, femoral), hypertension, s/p CVA, left carotic artery occlusion who presents with crescendo shortness of breath and chest pressure.  Three days prior to admission, the patient was awakened from sleep short of breath, diaphoretic, and with 3/10 chest pressure radiating to both shoulders.  These symptoms resolved upon sitting up.  Similar episodes ocurred more frequently over the next few days, and the patient decided to seek medical attention.  He denies nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, lower extremity edema, increased abdominal girth.  He has been sleeping with 2 pillows, which is unchanged.  At baseline, the patient is able to walk without shortness of breath or chest pressure.  At the OSH ED, he was noted to be hypertensive and mildly hypoxic.  CXR showed mild to moderate CHF/pulmonary edema.  Initial EKG was NSR, 92BPM, slight ST depression inferolaterally.  Initial troponin was .309.  Repeat troponin 8 hours later was 3.07 with CPK of 159.  Repeat EKG revealed inverted T waves across the precordium.  He was given Lasix and nitroglycerin with complete symptom relief.  Despite improvement in cardiac symptoms, the patient experienced black heme positive stools with a HCT drop from 31.7 to 25.  He received 2 units PRBC.  The GI service was consulted who deferred endoscopy until completion of cardiac catheterization at [**Hospital1 18**].
68-year-old male with a history of hypertension and gout who is being treated on the biologics service with IL-2 for metastatic melanoma.  He began the protocol on Monday and had been tollerating the TID IL-2 infusions, but had a decline in his plts from 200 to 56 as well as a 11# weight gain attributed to capillary leak.  He also had significant electrolyte imbalances, tachycardia, and tachypnea expected from this protocol. On the day of [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] transfer, patient had some mild epigastric discomfort and complained to his daughter of heartburn.  Of note, he was on daily indocin while on IL-2 therapy.  At 10pm, he developed some diarrhea and then had an episode of nausea and vomiting.  The covering MD noted 2 very large blood clotts in the emesis.  Noted increased RR of 40s, was 84% on RA and then improved to 100% on 4L NC.  Biologics attending was not concerned about other parameters, but was worried abt bleeding as patient may be at risk for bleeding given his plts have dropped in the past few days. Brought to [**Hospital Unit Name 153**], GI team asks for FFP, plts.  Pt has guiac positive brown stools, but complains of hemorrhoids and some rectal irritation that may be contributing.  Holding on NG lavage unless patient becomes unstable.  First two hcts are stable.
85 M with h/o CVA s/p recent CEA, DM2, CKD and HTN who presents from [**Hospital1 1501**] with respiratory distress. Although it is not clear from discharge summary, recent hospitalization complicated by SICU stay for PNA vs CHF. Unclear if patient was reintubated but was started on levofloxacin and diamox. Discharged ([**11-28**]) to complete 2 week course of ciprofloxacin. . ROS: denies shortness of breath, fevers, chest pain. reports only feeling worn and not well. + achy, tired, malaise. Denies DOE (walks >1 block prior to previous admission with cane), PND. Stable 2 pillow orthopnea. No ankle edema. .
52M w/ hx of treated TB (3 years ago, in [**Country 651**], 3 meds, cannot recall names, treated for 9 mos) w/ 1 episode of hemoptysis earlier this evening. Reports coughing up a handful of blood, all blood, no sputum. Over last week or so, has had a cough productive of whitish sputum. No sick contacts. [**Name (NI) **] fevers, no night sweats, no weight loss. Approx 1 mo ago, had a URI. IN ER: Had repeat episode. hemodynamically stable. CT chest was performed noting abnormal findings possibly consistant with reactivated TB. Pulm c/s service notified.
The pt is a 48y/o M with PMH of Hepatitis C, inoperable HCC and alcoholic cirrhosis admitted with encephalopathy after being found unresponsive with an empty bottle of oxycontin nearby. Pt has a longstanding history of alcohol-induced cirrhosis and Hepatitis C with associated portal hypertension, varices, ascites and encephalopathy, and hepatocellular carcinoma. His most recent scans are notable for recurrence of his hepatocellular carcinoma following his radiofrequency ablation (5/[**2118**]). At his most recent oncology visit on [**2118-10-5**], he was found to have a rapid deterioration in his liver function and was felt not to be a candidate for further cancer-directed therapies. Per report, on the day of this admission, he was found to be unresponsive by his family and was taken to [**Hospital3 **]. There he was intubated for airway protection in the setting of a GCS of 8. CT A&P demonstrated an advanced tumor of the left lobe of the liver and abdominal varices. RLL consolidation consistent with PNA was also seen. CT Head negative for acute process. He was sent to [**Hospital1 18**] for further managemnt. He was given zosyn and clindamycin as treatment for his pneumonia. OG tube showed brown aspirate and he was given zantac for GI protection. On arrival to [**Hospital1 18**], T 95.9, HR 91, BP 136/96, RR 18. He was given 1 L NS and transferred to MICU.
This is a 60-year-old man withCAD, PVD who had difficulty speaking after left carotid endarterectomy in [**2133-2-16**].  The patient has had bilateral carotid stenosis.  On [**2-21**] while he was sitting in a chair he developed sudden onset of right arm and leg numbness, followed by right arm and leg weakness.  He also had difficulty speaking.  He was admitted to [**Hospital3 **] and underwent a left carotid endarterectomy on [**2-26**] and afterwards began having severe left sided headache behind his left eye that lasted for hours and was constant. Nevertheless, he visited [**Hospital3 **] for continued headaches and nausea and vomiting.  During one of those visits he had a contortion of his right face and bilateral arm jerking and was started on Dilantin with presumptive diagnosis of seizures.  He has recovered from that event when was again discharged home.  On [**3-13**] he again presented with persistent headaches, confusion and inability to talk.  He had difficulty getting his words out.  He had a head CT at [**Hospital3 **] which showed a linear hyperintense region in the left central temporal lobe but also other lesions in the left posterior parietal lobes.  At that time he was transferred to the [**Hospital1 69**].  MRI of his head showed left MCA/ACA and left MCA/PCA watershed strokes with acute and subacute hemorrhage conversions.  It was thought at that time that he had extended his watershed infarcts after carotid endarterectomy leading to a carotid hyperperfusion syndrome.  The patient was discharged from the neurologic Intensive Care Unit to a rehab facility.  On Thursday, [**2133-3-26**], patient's wife noticed erythema on patient's face.  On [**3-27**] the visiting nurse [**First Name (Titles) 8706**] [**Last Name (Titles) 11282**] of a rash on his arms as well.  The patient was noted to be febrile and was admitted to the [**Company 191**] Firm.  In the EW, patient's Dilantin was discontinued and he was given Tegretol instead. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  1) Left CEA in [**2133-2-16**].  2) CVA in [**2133-2-16**].  3) Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.  4)  CAD.  5) PVD.  6) Hypercholesterolemia.  7) History of amaurosis fugax.  8) Status post lymph node removal. MEDICATIONS:  On admission, Lopressor 25 mg po bid, Dilantin 200 mg po tid, Prilosec 40 mg po q day, Lipitor, Ambien. ALLERGIES:  Iodine. SOCIAL HISTORY:  The patient lives in [**Location 3146**], tobacco since [**2126**], one pint of alcohol per day.  The patient works as a carpenter. FAMILY MEDICAL HISTORY:  CAD. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On admission, temperature 98.3, pulse 86, blood pressure 94/65, respiratory rate 18, saturations 96% on room air.  In general, alert, oriented times three, no apparent distress.  HEENT:  Pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light, mucus membranes moist, oropharynx clear. No lymphadenopathy.  Cardiovascular, regular rate and rhythm, no murmurs.  Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen soft, nontender, non distended, positive bowel sounds.  Extremities, no cyanosis, erythema, edema.  Neuro, cranial nerves II through XII intact.  Skin red maculopapular blanching erythema on face, torso and extremities, sparing the soles.  Bilateral lower extremity petechiae, no significant oral lesions noted.
Ms. [**Known lastname 28331**] is a 46 year old woman with history of AML s/p allogeneic stem cell transplant from an unrelated donor in [**2124-10-24**], with TBI and Cytoxan for conditioning regimen.  Her course was complicated by graft versus host disease of the skin and lungs, hypertension and numerous steroid-related complications such as diabetes, steroid myopathy, and increased peripheral edema. . She presents today from clinic with right arm swelling (she had a PICC in the arm) and was found to have a completely occluded right basilic vein.  She has some pain in the right arm, especially with movement.  The PICC line was pulled and she was admitted for anticoagulation. . Of note, she was recently discharged after she was admitted with Enterococcal bacteremia (vanco sensitive); she finished her course of ampicillin yesterday.  She has otherwise been doing well at rehab-- she has been slowly diuresed and is making some progress with PT.
80F with past medical of history of gastric ulcer, right peroneal DVT in [**2111**] on indefinite anti-coagulation with warfarin which has been held since [**2112-6-14**] in setting of multiple admission to OSH for melanotic stools, PVD s/p multiple lower extremity revascularization, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, presenting with one day history of vomiting blood x 1 and melanotic stool x 5 who presents as a transfer from the MICU to [**Hospital1 139**] B wards. Briefly, she presented 2 days ago with hematemsis and melana x1 day and was sent in by her PCP. [**Name10 (NameIs) **] the ED, she was transfused 2U pRBC (Hct 23 on admission, baseline 33).  She was admitted to the ICU. Post transfusion Hct 29, then down to 27, another 1U pRBC, then Hct 30. EGD showed gastric ulcers with likely recent bleed, but no intervention was undertaken except for biopsies which are still spending. GI service was consulted and recommended [**Hospital1 **] IV PPI. She was Briefly electively intubated for EGD for concerns of airway protection, then extubated without complication. She has not been hypotensive since admision, and atually was hypertensive to SBP200s due to discontinuing home BP meds, and got IV labetalol. She has now been restarted on home oral PO meds. Her stay in the ICU was unfortunately complicated by a fever to 101.6- repeat CXR after extubation showed a possible LLL infiltrate vs. effusion vs. atelectasis which was suspicious for VAP and she was started on cefepime Vancomycin today on [**10-14**]. Of note, she was scheduled for lower extremity PVD revascularization, and the GI and vascular surgery services have been coordinating her outpatient antiplatelet regimen in the setting of this GI bleed Pt is feeling well today and says she does not feel light headed, dizzy, or fatigued. She reports no abdominal pain right now. (States her presenting symptom other than hematemesis and melena was only fatigue, no pain).
Mr. [**Known lastname 17385**] is a 38 y.o. male with a history of psoriatic arthritis on immunosuppresive therapy, HTN, HL, DM, cervicogenic headaches who was recently discharged on [**1-8**] for left leg pain. Pt reprots that he presented to the ED on [**2202-1-3**] for L heel pain radiating to knees. He was initially treated with vanc and cipro for question of septic left knee; the aspirate showed [**Numeric Identifier **] WBC and 94% PMN but neg gram stain and culture and no crystals so abx discontinued. LENI was negative for DVT or [**Hospital Ward Name **] cyst. No fx on x-ray. This was thought to be a psoriatic arthritis flare, so his prednisone was increased from his home dose of 30mg to 60mg daily with improvement in his inflammation. His pain subsequently reutrned and repeat LENI was negative. Pt was started on gabapentin for presumed fibromyalgia and discharged yesterday on a stable pain regimen of MS contin with prn dilaudid. He saw Rheum today who referred him to Derm for evaluation of a superficial erythematous plaque, questioned erythema nodosum. Derm did not think this was consistent but was concerned about compartment syndrome so referred pt to ED. . In the ER, vitals were: T 98.2, P 79, BP 145/77, RR 17, O2sat 98. LENI neg for DVT but pt was noted to have an extensive left posterior calf subcutaneous complex fluid collection. Ortho did not see evidence of compartment syndrome and recommended vascular c/s to rule out necrotizing fasciitis given the fluid collection. Vascular did not think this was consistent with necrotizing fasciitis. An MRI of the LE was done per Rads recs, and this showed small fluid collections concerning for abscess in his gastrocnemius that were too small to be drained with no evidence of osteomyelitis. He was given vancomycin, zosyn, and clindaycin. He also received his home meds of gabapentin, MS contin, and po dilaudid. He was admitted to medicine with VS on transfer: T 98.5, P 76, BP 136/68, RR 15, O2sat 98RA. . On evaluation on the floor, patient complains of persistent LE pain and tenderness which is controlled on his pain regimen. His LLE knee effusion has improved markedly since his recent admission. He denies any fevers, chills, or night sweats. . ROS: Mild constipation d/t pain meds. Review of systems otherwise negative. .
85-year-old man with a history of recently diagnosed Kaposi's sarcoma with visceral involvement, duodenal ulcer, ESRD not on HD, HTN, HL, sCHF w/EF 40%, recent admission for GIB, is transferred here from OSH for generalized weakness, confusion, odynophagia. . Patient received his cycle 2 of paclitaxel on [**2108-12-5**] and has been experiencing odynophagia from mucositis. For the past few days he has felt "not well" at home, complaining of intermittent shortness of breath, odynophagia and dysphagia. He presented to [**Hospital6 10353**] on [**2108-12-10**]. There, he was found to have pancytopenia. Initially CHF exacerbation was suspected given clinical status and BNP of 65,987. However, chest CT without contrast showed moderate pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis, but no evidence of pulmonary edema. Pneumonia was suspected and patient was started on ceftriaxone and vancomycin. His home furosemide was held. . While at [**Hospital6 10353**], patient started to be delirious, not knowing where he was, attempting to get out of bed frequently, and at one point falling without head trauma, per his family. At OSH, hct 23 and plts 35. His CXR showed bilateral pleural effusions. He was started on ceftriaxone and vancomycin empirically. .
This is a 65 year old male with known coronary disease, status post coronary artery bypass grafting surgery in [**2137**]. He is an active smoker and has severe COPD confirmed by PFT and recent CT scan. On a CT scan in [**2151-8-14**], there was an incidental finding of a focal aneurysmal outpouching of his ascending aorta along with a left lingula mass. Further review by Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] thought it looked like a penetrating atherosclerotic plaque that had ulcerated and that it was only covered by a very thin aortic wall and thus was at risk for rupture. He underwent a stent graft repair of this in [**2151-11-14**]. Follow-up CT scan has shown an endoleak with expanding pseudoaneurysm into his aortic arch. Given his endoleak and expanding psuedoaneurysm, it has been decided to return to the operating room for repair.
[**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Known lastname 13060**] is a 26 y/o right handed woman with no significant PMH who presented to the ED today after being asked to come in by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 724**] for an abnormal MRI. She has never had a history of headaches until she developed headaches in [**Month (only) **]; these headaches would occur in various locations of her head, though more recently she describes them as occuring just left of the vertex. She would get these headaches about 20 days per months since its onset in [**Month (only) **]. At its worst, the headache would go up to a [**6-16**] in intensity and twice it resulted in her vomiting. Occasionally, it would be assoicated with photophobia but no son[**Name (NI) **]. Of note, there is a positional nature to these headaches as she says that the headache is usually worse when she wakes up in the morning. Recently, she has also noted the onset of lightheadedness with positional changes, but no vertigo. No strength or sensory changes, no visual changes and no weight loss noted since [**Month (only) **]. Her parents have not noted any behavioral changes. No history of head trauma aside from recently banging her forehead accidentally on the counter while bartending. No history of seizures.
77 year old female with h/o COPD on 2L nc, hypercarbic resp failure, HTN, pulmonary nodules who was found to be unresponsive at her nursing home. . Per NH records and ED report, patient found to be at her normal baseline status (A&Ox3) around 5pm.  Approx 15-30min later, she was found to be unresponsive, and EMS was called.  Her VS at the time were: BP 120/60, HR 100, RR 22, 82% on 15L, FS 190. Labs from NH [**2-10**]: UA neg ket/nit/leuk/wbc/prot, Na 145, K 4.5, CO2 45, BUN 14, Cr 0.4, Ca 9.3, Glu 81, wbc 3.8, hgb 8.5.  Of note, per nursing home records, she is on xanax standing and trazadone prn for anxiety. . In the ED, initial VS: 92.7 100 86/37 90% 10L.  Her SBP ranged 70s-200s.  Per ED report, dropped w/ propofol and fentanyl, improved with holding of sedations.   Her pupils were thought to be minimally reactive with some weakness on the left, so a code stroke was called.  CTA head/neck prelim negative.  CXR hyperinflated w/o evidence of pna/effusions.  She was intubated in the ED given worsening AMS.  There was question of jaw [**Last Name (LF) 110199**], [**First Name3 (LF) **] she was given ativan for possible seizure.  Her labs in the ED were notable for Na 150, BUN/Cr 25/0.6, K 5, HCO2 >50, WBC 13.6 (85% PMN, 2% bands), trop < 0.01; UA neg wbc/leuk/nit, pos prot, pos granular casts; lactate 2.2.  On the
59 yo man with severe asthma who originally presented w/ 3 days of worsening dyspnea c/w prior exacerbations, now transferred to the Medicine team for ongoing care. He had asthma exacerbation 3 wks ago requiring prednisone taper, which he completed about 1 wk ago.  Over the past few days, he has had productive cough and pleuritic chest pain, but no F/C. Went to [**Location (un) **] HC on day of admission and was treated w/ albuterol/atroven nebs and solumedrol, but symptoms were unrelieved, prompting referral of pt to the [**Hospital1 18**] ED. In ED, he was placed on continuous nebs and given prednisone 40 mg, then admitted to the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] for ongoing care. On arrival to the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**], ABG was 7.29/47/83, which was concerning for respiratory fatigue.  He was treated w/ heliox and eventually offered BiPAP, though he refused BiPAP treatment. Though he was afebrile, empiric treatment for CAP was begun w/ ceftriaxone and azithromycin.  He was found to have RSV infection on viral culture, which is a likely explanation for his current asthma exacerbation.  His respiratory status improved steadily until the present time, when he is transferred to the Medicine team for ongoing care. Currently, the pt complains of ongoing dyspnea and cough that are moderately controlled w/ nebulized albuterol.  He complains of lumbar back pain that is partially relieved by percocet. Denies any fever, chills, abd pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, hematochezia, and melena.
79F with locally advanced pancreatic CA on Xeloda and oxaliplatin (C2D1 [**2166-1-8**]) who p/w diarrhea. Ms [**Known lastname 23815**] states that over the past several days she has noted profuse watery brown diarrhea without blood. Last night she was up every hour to stool. She has had nausea although vomited only once last night. She has had abdominal crampy pain. She normally lives alone and takes care of herself and drives. Over the past couple of days she has been weak and fatigued. The symptoms correlated with the start of her second cycle of chemotherapy. She denies f/c. No CP or SOB. In the ED, she was noted to have stable vitals, although potassium was 2.4. She was given potassium repletion 60 mEq IV and 40 mEq PO. She was admitted to OMED service.
The patient is a 69 yo woman with h/o recently diagnosed MDS ([**4-9**]), azacytodine chemotherapy, day 15 presently cycle 5. Presented to clinic for scheduled NP follow up visit s/p C5 Azacitidine; arrived feeling extremely weak, quite pale, shivering; describes 4 days of these sx, including diarrhea; no n/v, states taking large amounts of po fluids, non productive cough with fever to 102. She had received 3U PRBC prior to a 3 week trip in mediterranean. Presented to clinic fatigued, with non-productive cough, but has been afebrile, without evidence of respiratory distress. .
35yF with multiple medical problems (including SLE, restrictive lung disease, global cardiomyopathy with severely depressed systolic function, nephrotic syndrome), with recent admission [**Date range (1) 68983**] for nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea, re-admitted with shortness of breath, tachycardia, and persistent nausea. Her symptoms began in [**Month (only) **] (after a recent hospitalization), when she developed diarrhea (which she relates to her metoprolol). The diarrhea (multiple times daily, non-bloody, brown in color) initially improved but then worsened again. She then developed nausea, vomiting, and dry heaves, without abdominal pain, and was admitted on [**10-10**]. She also reported worsening shortness of breath, 3 pillow orthopnea, and episodes of paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea. She was felt to be intravascularly dry, so she was given IV fluids. She had a thorough workup for causes of her diarrhea (infectious, structural, medication related etc.) and was scheduled for GI follow up on [**10-16**]. During the admission, an echocardiogram was performed, demonstrating worsening systolic function (EF 15-20%), but she was felt to be intravascularly dry, so her Lasix was held. Given the patient's concern that her diarrhea started at the same time as metoprolol (75mg daily), this medication was also stopped (and switched to carvedilol 3.125mg [**Hospital1 **]). She was to have close follow up with her cardiologist. She had acute on chronic renal failure which returned to close to baseline (1.5) with IV fluids; she had a renal biopsy during that admission, the results of which are still pending. Her Imuran was initially held during the last hospitalization but was restarted after a conversation with her [**Hospital1 112**] rheumatologist. During that hospitalization, her nausea was not fully explained, but there was a possibility that restarting her Imuran may have contributed. Her presentation today is similar. She has nausea and dry heaves (non-bloody, non-bilious), along with worsening shortness of breath/PND/orthopnea. Her husband (who follows her vitals closely) has noted increased blood pressures and heart rates since she was discharged from the hospital. Given her worsened nausea and tachycardia to the 120's, he brought her to the hospital. She denies any history of blood clot (but had IUFD at 21wks recently). In the ED, triage vitals were T97.6F, HR 124, BP 126/109, RR 18, Sat 100%. She was given 4mg IV ondansteron x 2, in addition to ceftriaxone and azithromycin given an equivocal chest x-ray. She was transferred to the floor for further evaluation. Her respiratory rate was noted to be as high as 33. On review of systems, she reports nausea and vomiting, as well as shortness for breath and orthopnea as above. Diarrhea is unchanged. She denies fevers, chills, chest pain (but perhaps some chest "heaviness"), palpitations, pleuritic chest pain, cough, weakness, numbness, tingling, abdominal pain, constipation, hematemesis, hematochezia, urinary symptoms.
Ms [**Known lastname **] is a 64 year old right handed woman with a history of seizures, leukodystrophy, dementia, feeding tube, presenting as a transfer from [**Hospital6 **] for status epilepticus. This history was taken over the phone from her Daughter; [**First Name5 (NamePattern1) 402**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 25807**] [**Telephone/Fax (1) 25808**].  She lives at home with her and the patients husband who are her primary care givers.  She is bedbound at baseline with quadraparesis with prominent rightsided weakness.  This morning she was scheduled to see IR today to have G tube replace at 3 pm.  This morning she had a questionable small seizure with non responsiveness and quivering of her lips but it was short lived.  Daughter; felt she had a low grade temp and a mild cough, but no overt illness. On the way to [**Hospital3 9717**] she went into a generalized tonic clonic seizure at 2:30 pm with was refractory to 5 mg of ativan, she was intubated at 3:30 for airway protection and was given a paralytic so it was unclear if she was still seizing.  They got a head ct and transferred her to [**Hospital1 **] for further management. lidocaine 70 mg IV x 1 Fentanyl 120 mcg IV x 1 Rocuronium 36 mg IV x 1 Propofol gtt 10 mg / kg/ min Zosyn 3.375 g IV x 1 sq As far as her seizure history, they have been fairly well controlled on Dilantin, with her lat seizure being months ago. They are often generalized and recover her to come to the emergency room.  Seizure began around the beginning of her mental decline and discovery of her leukodystrophy back in 99, she did have one seizure requiring intubation at that time. Regarding her Leukodystrophy, she had genetic testing at [**Hospital1 2025**] and [**Last Name (un) 18355**] School, she was tested for common for leukodystrophies and "they all came up negative." But cognitive decline started in 99 with slurred speech and weakness on one side, and wasn't sure if it was MS [**First Name (Titles) **] [**Last Name (Titles) 25809**] and then had as seizure, has continued to decline and has been bedbound for about 6 years.  Currently, her neurologic baseline is that she has some movement of limbs, weaker on right side; does move a little bit, but not much, she fidgets a lot with her hands, rips blankets off and tips.
46M with history of biliary colic, morbid obesity, HTN, lower extremity edema , who presents directly from ERCP where he underwent ERCP and sphincterotomy. Pt tolerated the procedure well. Prior to the ERCP pt was admitted to [**Hospital **] hospital [**1-22**] for severe recurrent epigastric pain after eating, lasting hours, in the setting of elevated transaminases (AST:ALT 370:447 AP 166, TB 4, lipase 22 ). Pt does have history of similar pain just a few days prior as well as approx one year ago which resolved on its own. On [**1-18**] and again on [**1-22**] pt underwent RUQ U/S which showed cholelithiasis but no evidence of cholecystitis. Pt denies fever at any point, but does admit to recent nausea and vomiting.
79M with metastatic cholangiocarcinoma s/p metal biliary stent placement [**11-8**], who presents with fever x 1 day following repeat ERCP. Pt is a very poor historian, so most of the history is obtained through chart review and ED providers. The patient stated that he had the ERCP done, returned home, felt really fatigued and unable to walk ([**3-7**] leg pain and weakness). His wife called 911 and he was taken to [**Hospital1 18**] ED. Denied any chest pain, abd pain, nausea, vomiting. +fevers to 104 at home, + chills. No headaches. No LOC, no h/o syncope. . Patient had second, outpatient ERCP by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] the day prior to admission due to increasing pruritis and a CT at [**Hospital1 **] that suggesting tumor ingrowth into the stent. He was pretreated with ampicillin 2gm IV, and gentamicin 80mg IV. ERCP demonstrated a malignant-appearing biliary stricture affecting the hilumand right and left ducts. There was debris visible with in the stent at early cholangiogram. Occulsion cholangiograqm revealed extensive stricturing of both left and right intrahepatic ducts. Although a small left intrahepatic radical opacified, it was not possible to advance the balloon catheter in this direction. For this reason, no stent could be introduced. Balloon sweeps were performed from just above the stent and down through the stent, and a moderate amount of debris was removed. Even after multiple sweeps, there was some filling defect left in the upperprotion of the stent, consistent with a degree of tumor ingrowth. Sticture not amenable to ERCP, and suggested PTCA as next intervention if futher obstructive symptoms occur. He was NOT discharged on any anti-biotic ppx. . Today pt presents with fever to 103.8, no [**Last Name (un) 103**] pain. no nausea/no vomiting. c/o fatigue, with reported fevers at home of 103.8--pt took tylenol. In ED, hemodynamically stable. clinically appears well. wcc is 20. pt was pancultured and started on levo and flagyl per ercp fellow who review pt in am for consideration of ir guided drainage if abscess present. ct in er was equivocal regards to this. pt was therefore admitted for iv rehydration, iv abx and possible ir procedure. Apparently had an episode of unresponsiveness in the ED + incontinence. Stat Head CT ordered--negative. Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 3271**] requested a neuro consult on the floor. . In the ED, initial VS were T98.8; HR 63; BP 107/57; rr 16, O2 sat 96%. No nausea/vomting reported. No abdominal pain. Blood cx sent. IVF given, levo, flagyl given as well. Pt was schdeduled to go to the regular floor but at 2305; pt was found to be unresponsive, diaphoretic and incontinent of stool. T 102.0(R); hr 57; BP 104/45; rr 21 O2 sat 97%2L. BS 246 at the time. Per nsg report, got up to go to the bathroom, felt off, ? syncopal event; got back into bed, was found by nurse to be unresponsive and was incontinent of stool. Pt woke up after sternal rub, alert and oriented x 3. CT scan was ordered in the ED--negative. Of note, but had a recent 40-50lbs weight loss over last year. . Upon arrival to the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**], the patient's complaint was fatigue and leg pain. Vital signs were stable. No abdominal pain, no nausea, no vomiting.
82yo F with h/o renal artery stenosis, CKD stage III, pAF on coumadin presents with BRBPR X 3 yesterday. Patient presented to [**Hospital1 18**] about 1 month ago with increased creatinine to 3 (from 1.6). A workup including renal biopsy revealed pauci-immune P-ANCA positive glomerulonephritis thought secondary to hydralazine. She was started on prednisone and cyclophosphamide at that point. In addition, according to the patient and records from [**Hospital **] she was also recently admitted to [**Hospital3 **] after a collapse one month ago. She was brought in and found to have AF with RVR. Was started on dilt and metoprolol with reportedly good control. Further workup there included an EGD and colonoscopy which revealed gastric ulcers and polyps as well as candidiasis. She received 2units pRBCs and her hct came up to 30. While there she was noted to be neutropenic. They thought this was possibly medication related. Cyclophosphamide, bactrim, and fluconazole were discontinued. She completed a course of caspofungin and a TTE was negative for vegetations. Her WBC count came up. She was discharged to [**Hospital3 **]. Today was feeling weak and tired and then had 3 episodes of BRBPR so decided to come to Ed. Presented to ED in AF with RVR to 160s. Received 10mg Iv Dilt with improvement in rate to high 90s/100. Received then 30mg PO dilt. Stable HRs since. Also received 5mg IV metoprolol. Initial VS: 97.8 137AF 111/78 16 99. No N/V/Abd pain. Just feels tired. Rectal exam revealed guaiac positive dark stool. Received IVF and 40mg IV protonix. Hct in ED is 27 consistent with baseline (25-30) here at [**Hospital1 18**]. Were going to do NGL but decided not to because didn't want her to go back into AF with RVR. GI called in Ed and will see her on the floor. . On the floor, patient complained of being sick of being in the hospital and dry mouth. Otherwise densies fevers, chills, abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation, nausea, and vomiting. Has had some weight loss worked up in the past and possibly related to depression (per the patient) after her friend died recently. Complained of occasional flank pain at biopsy site and a developing bed sore. Rest of ROS negative including no CP, palps, sob, dysuria. .
55 [**Name Initial (MD) **] IV RN who works at the [**Hospital1 2025**] was transfered from the [**Hospital 27217**] Hospital with a right brainstem hemorrhage. Her symptoms started around 19:45 h while she was having dinner with her
Ms. [**Known lastname 4427**] is a 52 year old F with HIV (CD4 488 and VL <48 [**7-8**]) who presented with 2days of hematemesis and melena. Pt called Dr. [**First Name (STitle) 1075**] of ID with report of feeling dizzy with black stool, and was referred to the ED. In the ED she initially vomited dark material but this progressed to bright red emesis. In the ED, vital signs were 98.4 125 111/51 22 100%. She was subsequently intubated in the ED for airway protection (not respiratory distress.)  EKG had shown sinus tachycardia. She was given 2 PIVs, 1upRBCs, 3L IVF, and Protonix 40 IV x 1, then transferred to the MICU. Pt has a history of viral illness and tylenol/ibuprofen use of unknown amount. She has a history of prior EGD [**4-7**] that showed esophagitis. . Allergies: Bactrim (rash)
Ms. [**Known lastname 7756**] is a [**Age over 90 **] year-old woman with dementia and benign meningioma, presenting from [**Hospital3 2558**] with increased productive cough, SOB and tachycardia. Patient has had one week of increasing productive cough. She denies any chest pain, nausea, vomiting. She is unable to provide further history about her symptoms. . Of note, she was admitted from [**Date range (1) 108390**] for sinus tachycardia and chronic cough. She was again admitted from [**Date range (1) 33900**] for a rash that was determined to be from metronidazole, which she was taking for Clostridium difficile colitis, upon which she was placed on PO vancomycin, which she was to take until [**2185-5-7**]. . In the ED, initial vs were: T 100 P 150 BP 140/84 R 20 Sat 98% 2L. Patient was noted to have wheezing on exam with crackles at bases R>L. She was also noted to have diffuse rash on torso, legs, and arms, documented to be from Flagyl at [**Hospital3 2558**]. CXR was concerning for RLL pneumonia, so she was given a dose of Vancomycin and levofloxacin IV. She was also noted to have UTI. She was given 1g of tylenol for fever. HRs improved briefly to 90s with brief conversion to NSR after IVF bolus, then converted back to Afib with rates in 150s. She received a total of 1.5L of IVFs in the ED. For ventricular rates intermittently in 150s, she was then given 5mg IV lopressor which decreased HR to 110s-130s. Patient has a signed DNR form in her [**Hospital3 2558**] records. She had also complained of some abdominal discomfort in the ED, but on exam, she was easily distracted with no signs of tenderness. Vitals in ED prior to transfer were as follows: HR 98 BP 115/61 RR 28 O2sat 99% 2L. . On arrival to the MICU, patient appears comfortable and states that her cough is much better. She complains of no chest pain or dyspnea. She has no noted pain. .
This is a 52 year-old right-handed man with a history of HTN and [**Hospital **] transferred from [**Hospital3 **] with an intracranial hemorrhage.  He woke at 3AM with severe vertigo, chest pain, and palpable tachycardia.  He states explicitly that the chest pain woke him from sleep.  He had a mild headache at that time, but it was much less intense than his other symptoms.  He remained in bed until 5AM with little improvement to his symptoms.  He attempted to walk to the bathroom but still suffered from severe vertigo and fell.  He denies injury generally, and specifically states that he did not strike his head.  After this fall he called 911 and was transferred to [**Hospital6 204**].  CT there demonstrated a R. basal ganglia bleed, leading him to be transported to [**Hospital1 18**]. Per the ER resident his symptoms have been stable from his initial presentation at LGH until the present.  Neurosurgery evaluated him for possible drainage in the ER and felt that no intervention was indicated at this time. He notes that recent glycemic control has been very poor.  On multiple days over the last week he has had glucoses > 400, and his high over the last week was >600. ROS: There have been no changes in vision or hearing, neck pain, tinnitus, weakness, difficulty with comprehension, speaking, language, swallowing, eating or gait. General review of systems was negative for fevers, chills, rashes, change in weight, energy level or appetite, shortness of breath, cough, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, and change in bowel or bladder habits (i.e incontinence).
66yo male s/p CABG in [**2137-9-15**]. He had known aortic stenosis at time of surgical revascularization but it was not significant enough to require aortic valve replacement. However since that time,  serial echocardiograms have confirmed progression of aortic valve stenosis. Currently he denies chest pain, dyspnea, syncope, presyncope, palpitations, orthopnea, PND and pedal edema. He has been referred for surgical evaluation.
Mrs. [**Known lastname 104299**] is an 83yo female with [**Hospital 10224**] medical and surgical problems. She has a known h/o recurrent ventral hernia. She presented to [**Hospital1 18**] ED with complaints of abdominal pain, N/V x 3 hours. She reported the pain to be similar to the prior pain that she had with previous small bowel obstructions. She last reports passing flatus the night before presentation to the ED, but no flatus since. She was admitted to the surgery service for further evaluation. . During work-up in ED, the patient was found to have a prolonged QT interval near 600. Of note, patient had dose of Flecanide recently increased. She was also hypokalemic, KCL down to 2.9 on presentation
87yoW with history of CAD s/p PCI to LAD [**2177**], CHF with EF 47%, breast cancer, colitis NOS presenting with melana.  Patient was in her normal state of health until [**2180-4-8**] when she felt sweats at night.  She awoke on the morning of [**2180-4-9**] again diaphoretic with palpitations and lightheadedness.  She called for help and went to the bathroom where she passed a large black bowel movement.  She noted mid-epigastric pain that has been ongoing for several weeks.  She denied any abdominal cramping, nausea, or vomiting. . In the ED, initial Hct 26.5. She received one unit PRBC and was admitted to MICU.  EGD showed a single non-bleeding ulcer at the GE junction, blood in the body and fundus of the stomach.  She received an additional three units PRBC overnight and was ruled out for acute coronary syndrome by three negative sets of cardiac enzymes.  She denied chest pain or shortness of breath. . On ROS she denies fevers, chills, headache, cough, dysuria, hematuria, new skin changes or rashes.  She does note some RLE muscle cramps for the past few days.  All other systems per HPI.
45M tracheoesophageal fistula repaired [**2087**] with multiple tracheostomies, tracheomalacia,tracheal resection [**2102**],tracheoplasty augmentation with t-tube placement [**8-18**] now with stridor
64 year old male with history of chest pain intermittently since last summer. It increases with exertion and is resolved with rest. Had a + ETT on [**1-5**] and referred for cath today. He had a dye reaction? in the cath lab and received solumedrol at that time. He continued to have some chest pain in the cath lab and was referred emergently to Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] for CABG. Cath showed LM 30%, LAD 80%, Ramus 90%, CX 70%, RCA 50%, EF 60%. Patient admits to having taken 40 mg oral prednisone the evening prior to cath for asthma flare.
66 year old Female with ESRD on peritoneal dialysis due to hypertensive nephropathy, and h/o NSCLC on Tarceva and nephrolithiasis who presents with symptomatic anemia.  The patient typically adjusts her weekly EPO injections between 4000-6000 units depending on her symptoms of fatigue and dyspnea.  Two and a half weeks ago her dialysis nurse had her terminate EPO in the setting of an elevated hmg > 12 per her report. She has been waiting to hear back from her dialysis clinic regarding when to restart her EPO.  She titrates her own EPO, given a similar episode of severe symptomatic anemia. In the interim she developed excruciating flank pain earlier this week for which she presented to the ED, a CT demonstrated bilateral stones.  She was given toradol and vicodin and discharged home with total resolution of her pain.  However, as the week progressed, she has become progressively constipated and fatigued with suprapubic abdominal pain.  She reports her PD fluid has been clear.  She had an episodic visit at [**Company 191**] on Thursday which prompted referral to the ED. Her blood pressure was 112/72 laying and 94/68 standing. Blood cultures were taken, but patient denied any fevers or chills. She got IVF (approximately 500 cc). Her labs were significant for a hematocrit of 27, down from 36 on [**2-13**]. She was guiac negative. Her potassium was elevated at 6, she was given kayexalate. She had an abdominal CT which showed nothing acute. A CXR was negative for acute processes. Repeat orthostatics were: lying HR 75 BP 135/63,  standing HR 85 BP 127/61.  On transfer to the floor her abdominal pain had completely resolved in the setting of a large dark brown bowel movement after receiving kayexalate. She did not receive PD o/n. ROS: Denies fever, chills, night sweats, headache, vision changes, rhinorrhea, congestion, sore throat, cough, shortness of breath, chest pain, vomiting, diarrhea, BRBPR, hematochezia. She makes trace amounts of urine. She notes acid reflux for the past 3 days that has been constant. She has only been eating peppermints do to her poor appetite.
The patient is a 49-year-oldmale who is well known to the Transplant Surgery Service who was diagnosed in [**2170**] when he presented with acute upper gastrointestinal bleed secondary to esophageal varices which were banded. The patient was diagnosed with hepatitis C and found on liver biopsy to have cirrhosis and underwent URO treatment with PEG-interferon and ribavirin.  The patient's evaluation also demonstrated a less than 5 cm lesion in the liver for which he had radiofrequency ablation therapy, and then the patient was listed for transplant. On presentation, the patient denied chest pain or shortness of breath.  Denied a history of diabetes, coronary artery disease, pulmonary or renal issues.  The patient had a good appetite and approximately a 25-pound weight gain.  The patient complained of pruritus, dark urine, and loose stools.
75-year-old woman with no significant medical problems presented to her PCP complaining of "not feeling well". Patient reports that on [**6-2**] she saw her dentist because she had been feeling well for a few weeks. She basically states she was fatigued. Her son who accompanies her surgeries sleeping a lot during the day. She was found to have 3 abscessed teeth which were removed on [**6-5**].  She was begun on clindamycin 300 mg QID on [**6-2**] she took until [**6-12**]. For the last 3 nights she has had a fever with max temperature of 100.8. She denies cough, shortness of breath, abdominal pain, dysuria, frequency, stiff neck, headache. She has noted that her stools are a little bit looser, but has not had profuse diarrhea.   She denies shaking chills, night sweats. . In the ED, initial vital signs were 98.3 88 130/69 16 100%. White blood cell count was 257K with 98% other forms, hematocrit 29, platelets 58K.  Her LDH was 472.  Creatinine was 0.8.  BMT was consulted in the ED and recommended smear review and bone marrow biopsy, further recommendations pending.  Patient was given allopurinol 300 mg PO x 1.  She was planned [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] admit for pheresis.  Vitals upon transfer were pulse 84, RR 18, BP 140/84, O2Sat 96% RA. . On arrival to the MICU, patient reports no problems.  There is no dyspnea, headache or confusion.
[**Age over 90 **] yo male with a pmh of a-fib on coumadin, and dCHF who began having crampy abdominal pain last night and BRBPR starting at 11pm. He described the pain as diffuse, crampy abdominal pain, not worse in any particular area, and bright red blood mixed with brown stool last night. He denies any fevers, chills, CP, cough, dysuria, myalgias, or shortness of breath. He is a little tired and feels "chilled" this AM. Otherwise negative review of systems. . In the ED: No active bleeding was noted, his HCT dropped from 31->24 since [**2188-9-3**]. Labs also notable for INR of 3.6. His BPs were initially 88 systolic, he got 1L NS, 2units FFP (2nd running at transfer), no red cells, and BPs responded to around 100 systolic. EKG showed Twave flattening, he had a trop of 0.08 (baseline 0.07). GI rec'd CTA which showed diverticulosis, no active extravasation, streak artifact from hip. There was late phase filling in the spleen which was not thought to be a site of active bleeding. He received vitamin K 10mg, and Protonix 40 IV. While receiving the first unit of FFP he had itching and hives, for which he got 50mg of Benadryl which caused AMS, now resolved. Continued FFP. 18 and 16 PIV. Transfer vitals 81 106/60 19 100% 4L. small blood around meatus. . On the floor, he was comfortable sitting up in bed, in no acute distress. He is answering questions appropriately with his son at the bedside. His only complaint is of crampy adbominal pain. .
67 YOM who presents with worsening B BRBPR and hematuria.  He reports developing BRBPR 8-9 months ago after starting pradaxa for afib.  It remained stable, but over the past 4-5 days there has been increasing blood and rectal pain along with hematuria and dysuria.  He reports this was in the setting of cold symptoms.  He denies melena, abdominal pain, nausea or vomiting. He had some mild shortness of breath and fatigue yesterday and today, but no CP. . In the ED, initial VS were ED 97.2 57 82/58 16 96%, and he triggered for hypotension.  EKG showed sinus 60 na ni qtc 496. WBC was 20.6 and Hct was 37.7.  INR was 1.3.  Cr was 2.0 but improved to 1.5.  Lactate 1.7.  UA showed 108 wbc and many bacteria.  He had a CT a/p which showed cystitis but no major bleed.  He received cipro/flagyl.  2 PIVs were placed and received 2L NS.  He did not receive blood. . He was seen by GI who felt that he may warrant a colonoscopy initially, but decided given his stable picture to defer for now. . On arrival to the MICU, he is comfortable and without any complaints.  VS 98.3  97/58  66  16  94% RA
66 year-old right-handed man with PMH significant for HTN, a.fib (on Coumadin), s/p defibrillator/pacemaker (he says for bradycardia) CAD s/p 2 stents, prior stroke(initially with left sided weakness but he reports no residual weakness) presented to [**Hospital6 50929**] this morning with right sided weakness. He says he woke up at 4AM to go to the bathroom, but upon awakening, noticed that his right hand and arm was weak. He tried getting out of bed, but fell to the ground because of right sided weakness. He says he stayed on the ground for a few minutes, but was able to get himself up. He noticed that the right side of his face was drooping and that his speech was slurred. He was initially brought to OSH, where a NCHCT showed a left basal ganglia hemorrhage. He was given 10 mg of Vitamin K for an INR of 2.6 (no FFP was given) and Labetalol 20 mg IV for a SBP in the 170s. He was then transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further management. He says that he believes his right arm is most affected (weakest, no sensory changes reported), followed by his face and then his leg. He says there has not been any progression of his symptoms since onset this morning upon awakening. No other symptoms aside from right sided weakness and slurred speech, inlcuding no sensory changes, visual changes, headache, vertigo, nausea/vomiting. In the [**Hospital1 18**] ED, he received Profilinine, was ordered for 2 units FFP (did not receive while in ED, but was due to receive in ICU) and started on a Nicardipine gtt. Neuro ROS: Positive for right sided weakness and dysarthria as per HPI. He does note neck pain beginning yetserday evening, but no headache, loss of vision, blurred vision, diplopia, dysphagia, lightheadedness, vertigo, tinnitus or hearing difficulty. No difficulties producing or comprehending speech. No focal numbness, parasthesiae. He does report episode of urinary incontinence with standing this morning, but no prior episode of urinary incontinence. General ROS: No fever or chills. No cough, shortness of breath, chest pain or tightness, palpitations, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation or abdominal pain. No dysuria. No rash.
Briefly, Mrs. [**Known lastname 107414**] is a very pleasant [**Age over 90 **] yo woman with  CAD, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation s/p failed cardioversion (most recent on [**2140-5-5**]), CKD (Stage III) who initially presented [**5-17**] with 4 weeks of lightheadedness and vertigo and 3 days of SOB. . She was seen by her primary cardiologist [**5-16**], at which time her flecainide was d/c'ed and her metoprolol and diltiazem were increased for rate control. Apparently she had not been taking the prescribed doses of BB/CCB and presented to the [**Hospital1 18**] ED with chest pressure and atrial fibrillation with RVR. Initially she was admitted to [**Hospital1 1516**] where she was noted to be in volume overload and diuresed with furosemide, 40 mg IV. She was also given metoprolol (at increased dose from 12.5 to 25 then 50 [**Hospital1 **] over the course of two days) and verapramil (180 mg qd) for rate control. This morning she complained of chest pain, was noted to be bradycardic (60s) and hypotensive (SBP in mid 70s). She was given 1.5 lt of IVF bolus and started on dopamine (uptitrated to 20 mcg). After these interventions her pressure improved to the 100s but then decreased again to the 90s. Her urine output remained low. She had cardiac enzymes drawn, the first set being negative, an ECG without ST changes, and a TTE, which showed global hypokinesis with EF of 25%. Reportedly her EF from a TEE done in early [**Month (only) **] was near normal (reported as mild depressed LVEF. Last ECHO before that was in 90s with normal EF. Also has had a cath in the 90s with normal coronaries, per report. Notably her INR is also elevated to 3.7, presumably secondary to warfarin. . Several days prior to presentation her VNA found her to be tachycardic to 120s, and was referred Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] saw her [**5-16**] and d/ced her fleicanide and increased her metoprolol, which the patient did not take as she did not pick up prescirption. She also reports having chest pain/pressure o/n 4d PTA, non-radiating, no n/v/diaphoresis resolved w/ burping. Patient was recently admitted with Afib w/ RVR, was cardioverted on [**5-5**] and discharged home on flecainide, verapamil, metroprolol. She has had no palpitations, no syncope, no PND or orthopnea. Pt. also reports persistent RLE edema, since her rehab discharge, this is unchaged, pt. takes lasix prn for this. . In the CCU, the patient admits to feeling cold. She denies, chest pain, palpitations, fevers, chills, cough, abdominal pain, or bleeding. There is no difficulty w/ speech. No dysuria, no abdominal pain, constipation/diarrhea.
73yoM retired surgeon with history of Parkinson's disease (? diffuse [**Last Name (un) 309**] body disease), HTN, DM, systolic HF (EF 20% in [**11-4**]), history of CVA (residual left visual field cut), AF s/p AVN ablation and pacer, admitted initially to CMI for BiV ICD placement [**1-15**], with post-procedure admission planned for heparin-coumadin (indication for anticoagulation AF - CVA). Intra-procedure, received haldol 5 mg IV, fentanyl 200 mg IV, and versed 1.5 mg IV and noted to be poorly responsive to commands and low RR in recovery area; [**Hospital Unit Name 196**] called to evaluate. VBG at that time 52/46/7.37. At 1 hr post-procedure, patient began to become more responsive to commands and increased level of consciousness. Patient being transfer to CCU for observation of his clinical status.
The patient is a 75 y/o female who presents with a right adrenal mass.  The patient has been progressively feeling unwell since [**Month (only) 116**].  After sustaining a fall, the patient started to have worsening weakness and fatigue that she needed to start using a walker to ambulate and had difficulty getting out of chairs. She also reports increased facial hair in the past six months. On imaging, the patient had a 10 x 7 cm right adrenal mass. Further workup revealed that the patient had hypercortisolism. On review of systems, the patient complains of pain and increased difficulty in performing her activities of daily living.  The patient denies weight loss or weight gain. Although, her obesity has become more central in nature and she has had loss of hair on her scalp, while having increased facial hair.  She also reports increased bruising along her extremities, some shortness of breath on exertion, thinning of her skin, and decreased energy.  The patient denies fever, chills, chest pain, palpitations, abdominal pain, nausea/vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, or dysuria.
60 yo M with h/o HTN here for elective ERCP this am for resection of an ampullary adenoma. After sedation with Versed 3.5, Fentanyl 75, and Phenergen 25 pt was noted to be apneic with an O2 sat of 77%. Bag ventilation was initiated with an increase in his sats to 100%. He was given Narcan 400 mcg IM and Flumazanil 200 mg IV. He is currently sleeping with a O2 sat of 100% on a NRB. His BP and pulse were maintained throughout.
This is a 51yo male patient with a h/o cerebral palsy, mental retardation, grand mal seizures now presents with drowsiness and increasingly frequent seizures complicated by a recent h/o cough, dyspnea, bradycardia, and hypothermia. In [**1-/2196**], developed a cough and drowsiness unaccompanied by fevers, chills, or SOB, recieved Azithromycin and initially improved. However, sometime after, his caretaker noticed he was more drowsy, was drooling, had "congested" breathing sounds, and the seizures were more frequent than the baseline [**3-17**]/month with occasional myoclonic jerks. Apart from a transient diarrhea which resolved after empiric Azithro, she reports that there are no changes in his urine or stool. EMS was called for dyspnea and on the way to the [**Hospital1 18**], he had an episode of bradycardia to 39 for which he received 0.5mg of Atropine, but he was not hypotensive. In the ED, he had a grand mal seizure with extremities shaking x4 x1.5min and recieved Ativan 1mg. He also had an episode of hypothermia T=89 and was placed under a "bair hugger", received Ceftriaxone and Levoquin for ?PNA or sepsis. He was also found with QT-prolongation and AV-block on EKG in the ED. He was admitted to the MICU, he was found with rhythmic right shoulder jerks and a rolled back right eye and received Ativan 1mg - after which he went to sleep. Neurology was consulted for AED mgmt, sz mgmt and altered mental status Review of Systems: As above
62yM well known to our service who recently underwent a combined liver/kidney transplant.  His post-operative course was significant for malnourishment.  He required a dobhoff and tube feeds to supplement his nutrition.  Once he was medically stable he was transferred to rehab for further rehabilitation.  Prior to discharge there was some concern regarding his rising Alk Phos levels, but they trended back down and stabilized so it was decided to send him out with continued follow up.  He now returns with findings of eleveated Alk Phos at rehab at 650, AST 30 and ALT 80.  He was not having any new symptoms or complaints and states he is doing quite well at rehab. .
54 year old woman with past medical history significant for diverticulosis, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, rhythm controlled afib not on coumadin and chronic diastolic CHF who now presents with bright red blood per rectum for the past 12 hours. . Patient states her symptoms began last night about 8:15pm. She had lower abd cramps and an episode of dark colored stool. She had nausea with no emesis. Since then has had about 20 bloody BMs, dark red in color, with some clots. She states she had undercooked red meat and steamed vegatable for dinner last night at Friend's home. Her friend had severe diarrhea overnight, but no rectal bleeding. Pt denies fever/chill, NSAIDs use, but she is on ASA 81mg daily. She complaints of dizziness last night. Pt's abdominal pain is much improved now. . In the ED, initial vs were: T 96.4 P 97 BP 82/27 R 15 O2 sat 100% RA. Patient was given 1 liter NS and her BP improved. On exam she had lower abdominal tenderness. She has dark red blood on rectal exam but no more BMs in ER. GI and surgery were called. NG lavage was negative for blood. Hct was 26 from baseline of 43, so she was given 2 unit of blood (emergency unit) and 6 units were cross matched. She was alert during these encounter. Intravenous Protonix given and Cipro and flagyl were also given. Access of PIV 18 gauge x 2 was established. At the time of transfer to the ICU were 73 97/52 15 100%2L. . During her MICU course, GI and Surgery followed. She received total of 6 U PRBC (last one at 8 AM today) 1 U FFP and her last Bloody BM was 4:30 PM on [**1-30**]. Access was difficult, so despite having 2 18G, a femoral line was placed and will be kept until the morning. GI convinced her to have colonoscopy and so started bowel prep tonight. .
80F w/ h/o AAA repair admitted to [**Hospital 10478**] Hosp [**10-10**] with acute on chronic renal failure following 2-3 days N/D, [**1-7**] wks diarrhea, increasing weakness, lethargy & SOB. LGIB, C-scope & EGD performed [**10-25**] "ischemic cecum with diverticulosis & no active bleeding". "Nl EGD". CT prior to transfer showed no AE fistual (clear place, no air around the graft).
26M who presented to an OSH with one year of progressively increasing headache, memory problems (both long and short term), and vision blurriness who was found to have new mass on CT scan. His symptoms have been progressively increasing both in intensity and frequency as his headaches are now daily.
The patient is a 77 year-oldmale with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease admitted to the MICU for increased dyspnea on exertion.  The patient was admitted on [**4-10**] after complaint of increasing shortness of breath for many weeks.  In the Emergency Department he had decreased mental status and respiratory failure.  He was admitted to the MICU for treatment of this. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  1.  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  2. Congestive heart failure.  Echocardiogram in [**2134**] revealing an EF of 25%.  3.  Coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft in [**2132**].  4. Diabetes.  5.  Hypertension.  6.  Depression/anxiety.  7. Status post colectomy. ALLERGIES:  Penicillin and Haldol, patient is unclear of details. SOCIAL HISTORY:  He lives with his son.  [**Name (NI) **] has VNA several times per week.  He denies alcohol.  He smokes three packs per day for "many years." MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Elavil 50 q.h.s., Dulcolax prn, Thorazine 100 q.h.s., Zantac 150 q.h.s., Combivent two puffs prn, Colace 100 b.i.d., [**Last Name (un) **]-Dur 200 b.i.d., Lasix 80 q.d., glyburide 100 b.i.d., 2 liters of O2 at home, Xanax .25 q.h.s. prn, enteric coated aspirin 325 mg q.d., Albuterol nebulizers q.i.d. and regular insulin sliding scale. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION:  Temperature 99.1.  Blood pressure 120/55.  Sating 1% on 2 liters.  HEENT was unremarkable.  Neck was supple.  Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm.  Normal S1 and S2.  1 out of 6 systolic ejection murmur.  Lungs had bibasilar crackles.  Abdomen was benign. Lower extremity revealed 2+ bilateral edema. HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was initially admitted to the MICU where he was put on CPAP and diuresed aggressively.  By hospital day two he was down to 2 liters by nasal cannula and sating in the 98% range.  He was believed to be near his baseline.  His lungs sounded course, but he was moving good air.  He was called out to the floor.  On the floor he continued to do well.  He was switched from his Combivent inhaler and given Flovent inhaler and deemed safe to go home. He received steroids for a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flare in the unit, but on the floor no steroids were required.  He had no evidence for pneumonia and was never treated for any antibiotics.  We will send him out on a regular daily dose of Lasix and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease medications. We believe the source of his problems included poor medical compliance.  On questioning the patient states he always takes his medications, although in speaking with the family there is some doubt about this.  Furthermore he states he consumes large quantities of salt and water.  He was advised that he needs to comply with his medications and watch his salt and fluid intake.  We will send him home with [**Hospital6 3429**] to evaluate his dietary habits and his home medication compliance. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE:  Stable. DISCHARGE STATUS:  To home. FOLLOW UP:  With is primary care physician. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Unchanged from admission with only the addition of Flovent two puffs b.i.d.
76 year old female s/p CABG ([**2112**] at [**Hospital1 2025**]), critical AS (Valve area 0.6cm) and left carotid endarterectomy who presented to [**Hospital3 26615**] Hospital the evening of [**2126-8-29**] with a chief complaint of chest pain. She states the pain started while she was resting in bed and was [**7-17**] in severity. The pain was associated with diaphoresis and a feeling of impending doom. She states that she can walk 1 flight of stairs before becoming short of breath, but often has to rest midway up the stairs. She recently saw her PCP ([**2126-9-23**]) for worsening dyspnea and tightness in her chest with exertion. She has had chest pain 1-2x/month, typically when performing housework, for which she takes Nitro with relief of her pain. A TTE [**5-/2126**] showed: LVEF 45%, hypokinesis of the distal/anterior septum, AV peak gradient 61, mean gradient 37. Given the severity of her current episode of chest pain, she promptly called an ambulance and was brought to the hospital. She underwent a cradiac catheterization which revealed clean coronaries, a patent vein graft and severe aortic stenosis. She is now being referred to cardiac surgery for a redo sternotomy with aortic valve replacement.
Mr. [**Known lastname 64236**] is a 26 y/o man with IDDM for 8 years who presents with several days of nausea/vomiting and abdominal pain. Two weeks ago, he was diagnosed with sinusitis/sinus infection and given antibiotics. He first noticed epigastric abdominal pain about one week ago, constant, without relation to food. It was a strong, sharp pain that did not radiate. Notably, he had been taking ibuprofen 800 mg q3h for headache associated with sinusitis at that time. In past 2-3 days noticed increased nausea with vomiting. Denies hematemesis. Notes that he last kept something liquid down yesterday morning, but vomitted up everything (both liqiuds and solids) through the day and night. Thus, he came to [**Hospital1 18**] ED that night. Took insulin during that time intermittently but this is typical for him. . His insulin control and FSG checking has chronically been very poor. He admits to taking insulin about 5 times per week. Further, when he does take it, he taked a standing dose of 10U Reg and 30U of 70/30. He takes his FSG about 1 per month due to discomfort with the prick. He has chronic polyuria and polydypsia. He reports getting regular vision checks with [**Last Name (un) **] center and no knowledge of neuropathy, kidney disease, or eye problems. . On ROS, he denies HA, changes in vision, hearing, or swallowing. No fever, sweats, chills, weight loss. He eats very well. No CP, palps, PND, orthopnea. No SOB, pain with breathing, cough, wheeze. No recent bowel of bladder dysfunction. No troubles with limb weakness, sensory changes, poor coordination. He does feel
66 yo m with DM, h/o CAD s/p CABG with PCI in '[**99**], severe PVD, CKD, and s/p Vfib arrest who presents with 1 day of vague symptoms.  He reports that he started feeling unwell yesterday afternoon with nausea, lightheadedness, and some shortness of breath.  He denies chest pain or pressure, palpitations, vomiting, sweating.  He was noted to be altered by his wife with concern re: difficulty speaking, perhaps a left sided facial droop and possible left hemianopsia, but limited evidence for this.  The patient denies having any difficultly speaking or visual changes, but says that he was confused and seeing things that weren't there.  His wife reported to the neurologist that he never had a facial droop. . He reports chronic DOE, no CP at rest or with exercise, + claudication (calf pain) with ambulating 2 blocks, denies orthopnea, sleeps on 4 pillows at night.  + PND.  He reports LE edema at baseline.  He lost 10 lbs over past 3 months, which he attributes to diet and exercise. He initially went to an OSH, where CT head was negative.  He was found to have new [**Last Name (un) **] and elevated cardiac enzymes.  He was hypotensive at OSH to SBP 80s, started on peripheral dopamine and sent to the ED. In the ED, initial vs were: 98.9 86 94/45 on dopamine 20 95%. He was also reporting worsening of chronic low back pain. His exam was notable for [**3-11**] murmur, benign abdomen, rectal was guaiac neg.  A bedside U/S in the ED was neg for pericardial effusion.  Cardiology consult was requested for stat ECHO in ED, to look for new WMA, but was not performed.  EKG was not felt to be markedly changed from baseline.   There was some concern for aortic aneurysm given back pain so he had a CT torso w/o contrast, which was negative for aneurysm.  Vascular was consulted and felt aortic dissection was unlikely.  Neurology was consulted for concern re: TIA and they did not feel he had a primary neurologic process.  Due to persistent hypotension, a RIJ was placed and he was started on levofed.  He was not given any antibiotics as he was afebrile without e/o infection.  VS prior to transfer were 79 93/36 on levofed 0.12mcg, 18 99% on 3L.
53 year old man with h/o AML s/p allo cord transplant (now day +516) complicated by chronic GVHD with arthritis, BOOP, who presented to the BMT floor from clinic with worsening renal function(2.3) and hyperkalemia, and worsening odynophagia on [**2185-4-20**]. On arrival to the BMT floor, as he was transitioning into the bed, he became mom[**Name (NI) 11711**] unresponsive to verbal stimuli and physical stimuli. No jerking movements or incontience were noted. A code blue was called. On arrival of the code team, BP 124/80, Hr 70s, satting 100% on 5L NC. He was responsive to verbal stimuli and answering questions appropriately. He does not recall only seconds of the entire episode; wife notes that his eyes were closed. 1 amp of D50, 10units regular insulin, and abuterol nebs were given for known hyperkalemia. An EKG was obtained which showed isolated peaked T waves. CXR showed no interval change when accounted for technique from prior in the day. During this time, he did experience a headache that was located in the forhead, temples and described as a pressure / squeeze that he has experienced with prior tension headaches. He was then transferred to the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] for further cardiac monitoring. During this time, he was also noted to have some tremors in hands and legs, but this was not associated with any loss of consciousness or loss of consciousness. These episodes will occur for only seconds at a time and tend to occur when he is holding objects in his hands / intention tremor. He has not had formal workup for this, but there was no clear etiology to this tremor (which has been present intermittently over the past 2 years) to date. His wife also relays the presence of intermittent episodes of unresponsiveness over the past x2 years ago at a frequency of 1-2x per week lasting only seconds at a time. This has not been formally evaluated to date.
The patient is a 60M with history of right sided stage III laryngeal cancer diagnosed in [**2099**] and treated with chemotherapy (adjuvant taxol and cisplatin followed by taxol, cisplatin and etoposide for three total cycles) and radiation (62g to right neck and vocal cords). He was last admitted to [**Hospital1 18**] [**2105-6-29**] with disabling claudication and rest pain in his bilateral lower extremities. For this, right common iliac artery to common femoral artery bypass and femoral-femoral cross-over graft were performed.
This is a 58-year-old male whopresented with a one-week history of fatigue, lightheadedness, and black tarry stools with occasional bright red blood per rectum.  The patient is status post a bicycle accident in the summer of [**2166**] and has been taking ibuprofen 400 mg q. 4-6 hours for approximately one month. He also reports band-like chest pain radiating from his back consistent with his history of chronic back pain.  He also has increased chest pain with deep breaths and with movement but denies shortness of breath, nausea, vomiting or significant diaphoresis.  Other review of systems is noncontributory. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  1. Status post bicycle accident in summer [**2166**] resulting in chronic lower back pain and history of herniated disk.  2. Hyperplastic polyp on colonoscopy [**11-7**].  3. History of rheumatic fever.  4. Obstructive sleep apnea.  5. Childhood polio.  6. Status post tonsillectomy. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  1. Neurontin (patient self-discontinued secondary to sedative side effects).  2. Ibuprofen 400 mg q. 4-6 hours p.r.n.  3. Prozac 20 mg p.o. q.d.  4. Flonase.  5. Omega oils. ALLERGIES:  Sulfa. SOCIAL HISTORY:  The patient is married and is a former executive.  He denies the use of tobacco.  He occasionally drinks alcohol.  He does not use drugs. FAMILY HISTORY:  Mother has a history of coronary artery disease and Addison's disease.  Father has a history of valvular heart disease. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Temperature 98, pulse 82, blood pressure 105/66, respiratory rate 18 and 100% on room air. The patient was a pleasant, well-developed, well-nourished male in no acute distress.  His HEENT examination was normal except for dry mucous membranes.  His neck was supple with 7 cm of jugular venous pressure.  His chest was clear to auscultation bilaterally.  He had a regular rate and rhythm with a systolic murmur.  His abdomen was soft and nondistended with mild epigastric tenderness and normal active bowel sounds.  The patient had black stools that were guaiac positive.  His extremities showed no pedal edema. Pulses were +2 bilaterally.  Neurological examination was grossly intact.  The patient was alert and oriented x 3. Nasogastric lavage was deferred as EGD was to be done. LABORATORY DATA:  Hematocrit was 24.3.  The remainder of the patient's complete blood count, chem-10 and basic coagulation studies were within normal limits. EKG:  On admission the patient was in normal sinus rhythm with a rate of 76, normal axis and intervals and no ischemic changes. Chest x-ray showed no infiltrates or interstitial edema. HOSPITAL COURSE:  1. Upper GI bleed:  EGD performed on [**2168-4-18**] revealed a normal EGD to the second part of the duodenum.  In the second part of the duodenum a fresh clot located between the duodenal bulb and the ampulla was noted. After washings there was fresh bleeding that completely obscured visualization.  Despite multiple attempts of washings, therapeutic cautery was impossible with EGD.  Given the brisk bleeding, an emergent artery embolization was needed.  Interventional radiology performed an embolization of the gastroduodenal artery and noted a pseudoaneurysm at the entrance into the duodenum.  This was performed on [**2168-4-18**].  The patient's hematocrit reached a nadir of 13.9 on [**2168-4-18**] and required six units of packed red blood cells for resuscitation.  Following the embolization described above the patient was hemodynamically stable and hematocrit remained stable at approximately 28.  The patient's diet was advanced slowly 48 hours following the procedure without complications.  Serial examinations were performed to evaluate for ischemic colitis which revealed a completely benign abdomen. Gastroenterology followed the patient during the course of admission and made several recommendations to decrease future risks of GI bleeding, including Protonix b.i.d. for at least two weeks and then continued q.d. thereafter, avoidance of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and Omega oils, avoidance of alcohol and avoidance of coffee. Prior to discharge, a repeat endoscopy was done to reevaluate the region of active bleeding.  This was performed on [**2168-4-21**] and revealed a shallow ulcer in the second part of the duodenum.  Per gastroenterology, this region is stable and the patient does not require further follow up from their department unless there are signs of recurrent bleeding, such as presyncope, bloody stools, melena, or hemodynamically instability.  Helicobacter pylori was negative. 2. Chest pain:  The patient had the band-like chest pain on presentation that was typical of his chronic pain.  The patient was ruled out for myocardial infarction.  He had a normal EKG.  Pain resolved with treatment of upper GI bleed and with Ultram. 3. Back pain:  The patient was initiated on a treatment plan with Ultram as an alternative to ibuprofen for chronic back pain.  The patient states that he gained adequate relief with this regimen and did not find any significant side effects in the first few days to use.  He will be discharged with a prescription for Ultram.  Tylenol may also be used.
44 year old male with history of multiple sclerosis, baseline cognitive defects, chronic indwelling suprapubic catheter and recurrent resistant urinary tract infections presenting with UTI. He was recently hospitalized [**Date range (3) 45860**] for UTI complicated by encephalopathy (somnolent, difficult to arouse). Urine culture grew staph aureus; sensitivities were not back by time of discharge. He improved on bactrim and discharged on 14 day course. However, sensitivities after discharge returned with MRSA. . He was seen by his outpatient urologist (Dr [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 770**]).... . In the ED, initial VS: 95.1 75 151/100 16 97%. He received 1g IV vancomycin. Previously, he had had an erythematous skin reaction on the arm that vancomycin had been infusing. No history of resp distress on vancomycin. Per ED, he had no ostensible reaction while receiving the vancomycin. Per wife, he appeared more red than usual in face and upper chest. Urology was called (but did not officially consult) and agreed with admission to medicine with urology following. . Within minutes of arrival to the floor, patient began to have active seizures. Per wife, he does not have history of seizures and was conversing and at baseline mental status while in ED. He began to groan, head moving side to side, upper extremities twitching and outstretched. During the first episode, he had oxygen desaturation briefly to the mid 70s on room air for a few seconds. Blood pressure was in systolic 180s; HR in 110s. He then fell into stupor and within a few minutes again became tremulous in upper extremities. Pupils were not reactive to light. He received a total of 10mg iv ativan. Neurology was consulted who recommended 1g loading dose of iv fosphenytoin. Wife confirmed that pt is [**Name (NI) 835**]/DNR. .
Pt is a 85 yo female with a Hx significant for A-fib on aspirin 325BID, who presented to OSH with a HCT of 16 and report per son that patient had experienced increased fatigue and unsteady gait yesterday. with two episodes of near syncope since than. NP saw pt and had discovered low BP and recommended transfer to ED given her low BP and weakness. No other complains or symptoms had been endorsed. She was taken to [**Hospital1 2025**] and was transfered without prior transfusion to [**Hospital1 18**] based on family request. . ROS: pt denies categorically any complain
Patient is a 79 year-old Russian male with a past medical history significant for multivessel CAD s/p MI '[**45**], s/p OM PCI to LCX '[**60**], s/p BMS to D1 of LAD '[**66**] with stable exertional angina, atrial fibrillation on coumadin, diastolic heart failure, PVD, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, DM2, long history of medication non-compliance presented with CHF exacerbation, elevated INR, now transferred to CCU due to asymptommatic hypotension during diuresis. . Per patient, had N/V/Diarrhea 3 days ago reported to be self-resolving.  After resolution, noted worsening LE edema, orthopnea, fatigue and decreased PO intake.  No PO intake since illness.  On day of admission, he was so weak that he crawled to phone to be brought to ED.  In the ED was found to have slow atrial fibrillation, unchanged EKG.  CXR with e/o of pulmonary edema and right sided pleural effusion.  INR was 19.  Due to back bruise, CT scan done which was negative for RP bleed. However, did note moderate pericardial effusion.  Echo with no tamponade physiology. Recieved 10 mg Vitamin K to reverse INR, Lasix 80 mg IV with 75 cc UOP and admitted to the floor. . Overnight, he was placed on lasix gtt with subsequent hypotension this morning.  Urine output total 261 cc in 12 hours.  Lasix gtt was discotninued and blood pressures improved to mid-90's, however, no urine output.  Blood pressure slowly declined to mid-80's off the lasix gtt and now transferred to CCU. . ROS: Denies fever, chills, night sweats, headache, vision changes, rhinorrhea, congestion, sore throat, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, constipation, BRBPR, melena, hematochezia, dysuria. . Cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, palpitations, syncope or presyncope.
75 yo M with a history of mechanical AVR and MVR, afib on coumadin who complains of epistaxis. The patient was cleaning his nose this morning, and his nose started bleeding. He has never had issues with nose bleeds or GI bleeds before. Notably, the patient saw his PCP [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **] [**2124-4-18**]. Routine labs showed BUN of 112 and Cr of 2.3. It was thought that his lasix dose of 80mg po bid was too much. He was told to hold the lasix and repeat his labs. Repeat labs from [**4-26**] showed BUN 130 and Cr of 2.1. . In the ED, Labs notable for INR 3.9, Hct 27 down from bl(32), but found to have ARF w K 6.2. Trop 0.05. ED course complicated by hypotension to SBP 50s, fluid responsive, now SBP 100s w 3L
35 yo woman discharged from [**Hospital1 2025**] (admitted [**Date range (1) 32318**], then [**Date range (1) 74351**]) s/p pleurodesis/VATS for bleb removal.  Pt. was admitted to [**Hospital1 2025**] from OSH with a L pneumothorax on [**8-22**], has a chest tube placed, and on [**8-26**] had L flexible bronch, VATS, and pleurodesis.  She tolerated the procedure well, with no complications, and her pain was controlled with a Dilaudid PCA -> Morphine PCA -> PO Dilaudid.  She was seen by the pain service there and discharged on 2 mg Dilaudid PO Q4 per their recs.  She was readmitted on [**9-1**] with a recurrent pneumothorax and got a 2nd L sided chest tube.  She was discharged on [**9-7**] on Dilaudid 2 mg PO Q8. . Pt. presented to the [**Hospital1 18**] ED [**9-7**] c/o diffuse weakness, episodic numbness, diffuse body pain.  She was given 2 mg IV Dilaudid in ED, 0.5 mg Ativan, and admitted to medicine for pain control.  She was started on Amitriptyline however she never received a dose. In the morning she was found to be complaining of back pain and pain at the site of her chest tube placement. She denied constipation, diarrhea or bowel incontinence, dysuria or incontinence of urine, weakness or numbness, though she did report "tingling" in her abdomen, and that she "can't feel bowel movements coming out."  At 9PM that evening, she was found to be unresponsive with a poor respiratory effort.  She was moving all extremities spontaneously.  She was lethargic but appropriate 20 minutes before.  Initially her O2 sats were 70% on RA, HR 100, SBP 160.  Her O2 sats improved to 94% on a face mask.  She had clear breath sounds bilaterally.  She was intubated for airway protection.  Her ABG was found to be 6.86/179/168/35/lactate 2.4.  Of note her WBC count increased to 22.4 with 78% Neutrophils and 0% bands from 7.8 earlier today. She received Narcan x1. She was transferred to the MICU.
The patient is a 52 year old woman with past medical history significant for chronic pain on narcotics and benzodiazepines, malabsorption syndrome due to complications of gastric bypass surgery, and severe osteoporosis.  Three days prior to her admission to the outside hospital, the patient presented to her PCP's office for evaluation of ~20 pound weight loss that had occurred over the past 6-8 weeks.  The patient was found to have a urinary tract infection, and she was prescribed Ciprofloxacin. The patient took two doses of the antibiotic.  The following day, the patient's husband noted that his wife seemed very nervous and agitated.  He called the PCP, [**Name10 (NameIs) 1023**] advised the patient to discontinue the Ciprofloxacin.  That evening, the patient's husband noted that the patient was laughing inappropriately while she watched TV.  She thought the TV was "talking to her."  The patient's husband called 911, but by the time the EMTs arrived at their home, the patient was able to answer questions correctly, and she refused to go to the hospital.  The following morning, the patient was noted to be more agitated, paranoid, and delusional, so her huaband called 911 again.  This time, the patient was taken to [**Hospital3 15174**]. On presentation to the outside hospital, the patient was noted to have a low grade temperature (100.2). Her neurologic exam was reported as "non-focal," and a non-contrast head CT was negative for bleed. The patient's tox screen was negative for ETOH.  Her other laboratory data was unremarkable.  The patient was admitted to the hospital for treatment of narcotic withdrawal. During her 36 hour hospitalization, the patient was given two doses of Buprenex.  Subsequently, the patient became lethargic, confused, combative, and agitated.  She was transferred to the ICU for further management.  She was given a few doses of Haldol and Ativan for her agitation.  Lumbar puncture was unsuccessful. Given her persistent agitation and concern for narcotic withdrawal, the patient was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] MICU for further management.
Mr. [**Known lastname 33815**] is a 26 y/o male with a history of polysubstance abuse (recent xanax and percocet) who was sent in from [**Hospital3 8063**] due to worseing agitation and altered mental status. As per patient's fiancee, he stopped taking xanax and percocet on [**2103-3-5**] and was withdrawing through the week. She states that he had a seizure on [**2103-3-9**] in his home however did not seek medical care. He continued to withdraw and on [**2103-3-13**] she noted that he was hallucinating but was able to be redirected. He continued to get worse and went to his grandmother's house to be around a familiar environment. He continued to hallucinate and appears to have called an ambulance which took him to [**Hospital **] Hospital in [**Hospital1 189**]. He was transferred to [**Hospital3 8063**] which propmtly sent him to [**Hospital1 18**]. He was apparently having paranoid delusion. During his time in the ED, he was managed for hypokalemia and sent back to [**Hospital1 **]. He spent the night at [**Hospital1 **] but got progressively more confused and combatative and was put in restraints. He was given 3mg PO ativan, 100mg PO benadryl, 5mg PO haldol, and 200mg thorazine over 6 hours, with reportedely minimal effect and was sent back to [**Hospital1 18**] for concern of DT's. . In the ED, patient was initially diaphoretic, agitated, hallucinating, and tachycardic to 130's. He was taken straight to psychiatric seclusion room with security presence. Initial labs were notable for leukocytosis to 11.3 without significant left shift.  Patient received 1LNS with 100mg thiamine, 1mg folate and MVI. Also received 10mg po valium and 6mg IM and IV lorazepam. On repeat exam, he was noted to be sleeping peacefully. Prior to transfer, vitals were: Temp: 97.5 ??????F, Pulse: 89, RR: 26, BP: 120/68, O2Sat: 99. He was given an additional 2mg IV ativan just prior to transfer to floor for worsening agitation. . On the floor the patient was noted to be hallucinating and agitated which required restraints. He was given 2mg of IV ativan and a liter of NS. Due to concern for DT's the MICU was consulted and the patient was transferred to the ICU. . On arrival to the MICU, the patient was in restraints and agitated. He was making inappropriate remarks and appeared to be actively hallucinating. He was given 10mg of valium.
Ms. [**Known lastname 6105**] is a 56 year-old woman with developmental delay, diabetes, asthma, Crohn's disease on prednisone, latent TB on INH and hepatitis B on lamivudine with recent MRSA bacteremia initially on vancomycin and transitioned recently transitioned to daptomycin secondary to drug rash who presented today after being found unresponsive at her facility with a blood sugar of 40s. Of note 2 days prior to admission, her oral hypoglycemics including Actos and glipizide were doubled. . Initial vital signs in the ED were 97.5 100 97/64 18 100% BG 43. She received glucagon and 1 amp of D50 and repeat BG was 80. She then ate dinner and repeat BG was 78. Prior to transfer the patient was started on D5 1/2 NS at 125mL/hr. Vitals on transfer were 98.0 84 14 100/49 14 98% on RA. . On the medical floor the patient appear comfortable and was without additional complaint. . ROS: Denied fever, chills, night sweats, headache, vision changes, rhinorrhea, congestion, sore throat, cough, shortness of breath, chest pain, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, BRBPR, melena, hematochezia, dysuria, hematuria.
85M with complete heart block s/p pacer, HTN, diastolic CHF, IDDM, gout, COPD, PVD s/p LLE stents several weeks ago transferred from [**Hospital3 **] ED from NH for hypoxia. . Today at his nursing home, he was found around 1:30pm to be more lethargic, short of breath with BP 70/50 and difficult to assess radial pulses.  O2sat 86% on RA. Pt was BIBA to [**Hospital3 **] ED, VS at EMS evaluation was P 50, BP 70/P, RR 20, unable to get a pulse ox, FSBS 114.  In the [**Name (NI) 46**] [**Name (NI) **], pt was alert but noted to be cyanotic and pallid with mottled skin.  Pt c/o diffuse abdominal pain. VS were not recorded.  Labs notable for WBC 21.1 (88.3N, no bands), CPK 48 but trop I 0.6 (ref 0-0.04) - ?0.47 when confirmed; pt remained CP free and EKG showed a paced rhythm at 80 bpm.  CXR was read as unremarkable with pacing leads in place. Noncontrast CT chest showed "small patchy interstitial infiltrates with focal bronchiectasis and nodularity in the posterior left lung base" and emphysematous changes.  Noncontrast CT abdomen was unremarkable other than for mild diverticulosis. Pt was given vanco/zosyn and 3L IV fluid without improvement in his Started on peripheral levophed for SBP 70/palpable and given hydrocortisone 100mg IV.  He was transferred to our ED for further management. . In the ED, initial VS were: T97.8 P80 SBP135 R18 100% on NRB. Transferred on 13 mcg of peripheral levophed but pt was given another 1L NS, and pressures remained stable after levophed weaned off. CXR with increased infiltrate in LLL. WBC 17, Hct 25, guaiac negative. Lactate 2.1. EKG paced at 80. Pt given combivent neb. Only complaint was foot pain. Has 2 PIV in. On transfer, HR80, 100/61, 20, 96% on NRB  CXR. . On arrival to the ICU, pt without any complaints other than L toe pain.  Earlier abdominal pain had resolved at some point in the [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 46**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **]; not c/w GERD.  He does recall feeling more dyspneic on exertion for several days.  No CP, shoulder/jaw pain, palpitations, N/V, LH.  Per son, pt was recently admitted to [**Hospital3 3583**] on [**5-3**] for dyspnea and L toe pain.  Per his son, there was concern for DVT and PE, but LENIs and d-dimer were negative.  He was treated with nitro, lasix, ASA, plavix, lovenox, and bronchodilators initially and sx improved while in the ED.  Cardiology c/s attributde mildly elevated troponins attributed to demand. Per his son, he underwent a nuclear stress test that was unremarkable and was discharged. He was started on prednisone for presumed gout with no improvement in his sx since. .
Ms. [**Known lastname 1968**] is a 76F with CAD s/p CABG on plavix, chronic angina (unstable, sometimes with rest), DM presents following 3 episodes of BRBPR at home, filling toilet bowl. Also had abdominal discomfort and mild nausea, no vomiting. Has had CP for past few months, unchanged. Denies recent NSAID use. No F/C. Has had a lower GI bleed previously in [**2107**], with colonoscopy showing melanosis coli and grade 2 hemorrhoids. A previous upper endoscopy performed for dyspepsia in [**2106**] was unrevealing. . In the ED, vitals were 96.7 103 207/84 16 100%RA. Had a clotty red BM in the ED. 1st set of enzymes negative. CXR showed mild congestion. She was given 2 SL nitroglycerin, 4 IV morphine, and zofran. Her CP resolved after morphine and nitro x2, however she became hypotensive to 80's 30 minutes following nitroglycerin. Her BP subsequently responded to IVF. CT-A abdomen showed patent vasculature no acute process. HCT at baseline (29.2).  Ordered for 2 units pRBCs in ED, got 1 of them in the ED. Access obtained with 2 18-gauge peripherals. Most recent vitals 96.5 73 113/49 16 100% 3L.
PCP: [**Name10 (NameIs) **],[**Name11 (NameIs) 1575**] [**Name Initial (NameIs) **]. Address: [**Street Address(2) **] [**Apartment Address(1) 86397**], [**Location 86398**],[**Numeric Identifier 86399**] Phone: [**Telephone/Fax (1) 54195**] Fax: [**Telephone/Fax (1) 86400**] 83 yo gentleman with little PMHx was admitted from ERCP suite with history epigastric pain. He was initially admitted to [**Hospital6 204**] (LGH) 10 days ago with acute on chronic epigastric pain and diagnosed with pancreatitis. Additional review of systems is notable for the following: intermittent epigastric pain and anorexia over last 3-4 months. He denies fevers or jaundice. At LGH, labs were notable for leukocytosis with WBC >20,000, increasing serum and fluid amylase levels with serial fluid amylase readings of [**2156**]-3600s. Imaging was notable for the following: abdominal CT with peripancreatic and ascitic fluid; MRI which revealed an amorphous pancreatic head suggestive of hemorrhagic pancreatitis. A paracentesis was performed on [**2166-4-28**], and fluid total protein was elevated, a SAAG was near zero, and fluid cell count revealed WBC 1700 with neutrophilic predominance. For treatment, he was started empirically on Unasyn on [**2166-4-26**] and then changed to Zosyn on [**2166-4-29**]. He also had a drain placed into one of his abdominal fluid collections. Additional issues
Patient is a 59 yo male who recently was hospitalized at [**Hospital1 18**] after diagnosis of TTP. At that time no underlying cause could be identified, he was treated with plasmapharesis and steroids, and ultimately improved however remained HD dependant. On the day of presentation patient fellt ill, and "passed out". He was transferred to [**Hospital 945**] [**Hospital **] hospital. . In the OSH patient was found to be profoundly anemic and hypocoaguable. he was given 4 units of FFP and transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] . In the [**Hospital1 18**] ED, initial vs were: T 97.7 P 102 BP 134/92 R 22 O2 sat 95%4L. ED discussed the case with BMT fellow, 125 solumedrol was given, 2 units of prbc were recomended by Heme fellow, non cont abd contrast for abd pain obtainedm, 2mg iv morphine, and 10 mg of vit K given. . . Patient reports that he felt overall well up until the day of his presentation. He endorses no UOP over the past 8 hours. He denies any fever/chills, or diarrhea, but endorses nausea and abdominal pain.
60 year old gentleman with recent chest pain on exertion. Stress test was abnormal and he was scheduled for cath.  Chest pain developed during cath today which revealed left main and multi-vessel coronary artery disease.  He is now brought to the operating room urgently for CABG.
58 year old man s/p liver transplant on [**2154-1-31**] found to have DVT on duplex ultrasound. The patient was recently discharged on [**2154-2-14**] after a liver transplant complicated by bleeding which required two take-backs to the OR and bilateral occipital stroke with residual left field visual defect. He has been doing very well since his discharge, working with PT with minimal pain, eating well and regaining his strength. His only complaint is his eyesight which has been stable since his discharge. He was seen today for scheduled bilateral lower extremity ultrasounds to evaluate for embolic source for his stroke.  These revealed a DVT and the patient was directly admitted to the floor for management. He has no specific complaints at this time.
69M PMH ESRD on HD, DM, MIx2, CHF, s/p CABG, p/w fall at home [**2-4**] weakness and lack of strength. Recent admit to [**Hospital1 18**] early [**2-6**] with fall, found to be febrile and confused, with pus expressed near the AV fistula. AV graft felt to be infected and thrombosed, blood cultures + for MSSA. Admitted to ICU, vancomycin then oxacillin, with course complicated by decr O2 sat. TEE neg, MRI + cellulitis, - osteo. A MRI of the L shoulder was - for osteo but ? for septic emboli in lungs. AV graft was partially removed. During this time, the pt also experienced a TC seizure. LP, CT EEG were all negative. He was loaded on dilantin and d/c'd per neuro. While septic, he also experienced an NSTEMI, incr INR to 4 with neg DIC panel that was responsive to Vit K, and increased LFT/GGT with neg US. He was d/c'd on 4 weeks of cefazolin. He then returned on [**2-/2107**] with f/c, cough and SOB. He developed resp distress and was intubated, vanco/ceft-->ox/ceft for PNA. BAL with 2+ poly but cx neg. He had pleural effusion, which when tapped revealed transudate. On this admission, he denied LOC, f/c, cough, CP.
This is a 54 year female with past medical history of hypertension and osteoporosis, who presents as a transfer from OSH s/p syncope and seizure, and with abnormal head CT.  In summary, the patient was reportedly attending a funeral today when she had a syncopal episode and fell.  She was sent to [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 189**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] Hospital for further evaluation.  Shortly following admission, she was found slumped over and unresponsive in a chair, and subsequently seized. Resolved with Ativan.  Continued to seize 1-2 times later in the evening. Received a total of 14mg of Ativan. Intubated for increasing mental status changes and lethargy.  Transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for continued care.
This patient is a 70-year-oldmale with extensive locally recurrent melanoma involving his face, status post excision, neck dissection and radiation therapy.  Initial staging was consistent with stage III C disease but now with mets to the lung, bone and soft tissue. He was due to be started on high-dose IL-2 but in clinic on [**2178-1-12**], he was noticed to have erythema in an area of recent lymph node dissection felt consistent with cellulitis, and was started on oral Keflex, and now is presenting with worsening erythema.  The patient reports that in the week since he started antibiotics, the erythema has enlarged and become more red.  In clinic today, his white blood cell count was up to 20,000 and he was admitted to OMED service. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Hypertension, metastatic melanoma with original diagnosis in [**2177-6-5**].  On [**2177-8-21**] he underwent wide local excision and sentinel lymph node biopsy, with melanoma present in 1 left intraparotid node.  On [**2177-8-28**] he had re-excision of the left temple and cheek area and a left radical neck dissection, with melanoma in 7 of 69 total lymph nodes.  He underwent radiation therapy to the forehead area, completing 20 fractions over 4 weeks.  He then developed soft tissue nodule superior to the graft, that might have represented residual melanoma and appeared to have reduced in size with radiation. In late [**2177-10-6**] a PET CT showed increased glucose uptake at sites of surgery on his thigh and around the superior edge of the graft on his face.  He was seen in follow-up one of three weeks after completion of radiation. Follow up head MRI and torso CT on [**2178-1-7**] revealed no metastatic brain lesions, but metastatic disease in his chest, left axilla, mediastinum and lung, as well as a T12 sclerotic focus felt consistent with melanoma.  The BRCA mutation testing on his tumor was negative.  He has passed screening tests to begin high-dose IL-2 therapy. ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Enalapril 20 mg p.o. daily, pravastatin 20 mg p.o. daily, Keflex 500 mg p.o. b.i.d. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION:  Reveals an elderly male in no apparent distress.  HEENT:  Pupils equal, round, reactive to light.  Left temporal and buccal graft without erythema.  NECK:  Well-healed scar from posterior auricular area to the left upper chest.  No signs of wound dehiscence. Broad area of erythema and corresponding area warm to touch. No palpable masses or fluid collections.  No cervical, supraclavicular or axillary lymphadenopathy.  HEART:  Regular rate and rhythm, S1, S2.  CHEST:  No dullness to percussion and clear to auscultation bilaterally.  ABDOMEN:  Positive bowel sounds, soft, nontender.  EXTREMITIES:  Warm and well perfused, 1+ edema to [**12-8**] the way up shins bilaterally, 2+ DP and PT pulses.  NEUROLOGIC EXAM:  Nonfocal. ADMISSION LABS:  WBC 20.9, hemoglobin 11.7, hematocrit 33.7, platelet count 206,000, BUN 20, creatinine 1.2, sodium 134, potassium 6.1, chloride 101, CO2 23, glucose 117. HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted with cellulitis and was placed on IV vancomycin.  Doxycycline was added when he did not appear to be improving.  Unasyn was added when the cellulitic area continued to worsen.  He also became short of breath and was treated with Lasix.  Transthoracic echo revealed diastolic heart failure and he was continued on enalapril and Lasix.  He had an ID consult on [**1-28**] who suggested stopping the Unasyn, changing to cefepime and adding vancomycin back.  Blood cultures remained negative and he was afebrile throughout this time.  Derm consult on [**1-28**] was obtained due to persistent rash, and a biopsy was performed consistent with melanoma.  He was subsequently transferred to the biologic service on [**2178-1-30**] to begin high-dose IL-2 therapy. During this week he received 7 of 14 doses with 7 doses held related to tachycardia and pulmonary edema.  On treatment day #4, he was tachypneic with hypoxia to the mid 80s.  Chest x- ray was consistent with bilateral pleural effusions. Throughout the day he became increasingly more tachypneic and fatigued, and was transferred to the ICU.  He was treated with Lasix with improvement in his respiratory status.  An echocardiogram on [**2178-2-3**] showed a small pericardial effusion with question tamponade physiology.  Cardiology was consulted and felt they were not able to tap the effusion. He underwent a cardiac MRI on [**2178-2-4**] revealing no cardiac metastases and no tamponade physiology. He developed SVT to the 140s on [**2178-2-4**], which spontaneously improved with a fluid bolus.  His respiratory status improved with continued diuresis, and he was transferred back to the floor on [**2178-2-5**].  Lasix and enalapril were continued and he was weaned to room air with O2 saturations in the mid 90s. Physical therapy consult was initiated and he was ambulating short distances with a steady gait.  He was discharged to home on [**2178-2-7**] with a plan to follow up in clinic on [**2178-2-10**]. Other side effects related to IL-2 included rigors improved with Demerol; fatigue; and hypotension on treatment day 3, requiring fluid boluses.  During this week he developed acute renal failure with a peak creatinine of 3.0 with associated oliguria.  He developed metabolic acidosis with a minimum bicarb of 18, improved with bicarbonate boluses. Electrolytes were monitored and repleted per protocol. Strict I & Os and serum chemistries were maintained.  IV fluids were continued given acute renal failure. During this week he had mild ST elevation to 54, which improved prior to discharge.  He had no hyperbilirubinemia, myocarditis or coagulopathy noted.  He was thrombocytopenic to a platelet count low of 68,000 without evidence of bleeding.  He was anemic and was transfused with packed red blood cells with discharge hemoglobin of 9.1.  By [**2178-2-7**] he had recovered from side effects to allow for discharge to home. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE:  Alert, oriented and ambulatory. DISCHARGE STATUS:  To home with his family.
Ms. [**Known lastname 111230**] is a 53-year-old G4, P4-0-0-4 perimenopausal Caucasian female with bigeminy arrhythmia, depression, GERD, and is S/P C/S x4 plus LTL. Ms. [**First Name (Titles) 111231**] [**Last Name (Titles) 1834**] a pelvic ultrasound [**12/2179**] for complaints of abnormal bleeding.  It revealed a 7.7 cm right posterior cul-de-sac cyst separate from the right ovary and a 3.5 cm simple left ovarian cyst.  The uterus measured 10.9 cm but was otherwise unremarkable with endometrial stripe of 8 mm.  She had a followup pelvic ultrasound ([**2180-2-2**]) that revealed resolution of the 7.7 cm posterior cul-de-sac cyst with a normal right adnexa.  She had two left ovarian cysts sizing 2-2.5 cm.  Endometrial stripe measured 1.1 cm with a questionable 6-mm endometrial polyp. . In regards to her endometrial lesion and abnormal bleeding, she [**Year (4 digits) 1834**] an office endometrial biopsy ([**2180-1-18**]).  It revealed scant inactive endometrium with no evidence of endometrial hyperplasia or malignancy.  A diagnostic office hysteroscopy ([**2180-4-19**]) revealed a normal endometrial cavity with no evidence of any endometrial polyps or submucosal fibroids.  There were no active issues regarding the endometrial findings and the patient maintained expectant management.  In regards to her abnormal bleeding, given the benign endometrial biopsy and normal hematocrit, the patient opted to maintain expectant management. . In regards to her pelvic and left ovarian cysts, it appeared that the patient had remained asymptomatic and this was an incidental finding.  The large 7.7 cm right posterior cul-de-sac cyst had resolved spontaneously and the left adnexal cyst appeared to be oscillating in size and simple in nature. Therefore, the patient opted to maintain expectant management with intermittent surveillance given her asymptomatic state. . She recently had a pelvic ultrasound at [**Location (un) 620**] under Dr.[**Name (NI) 14510**] (PCP) instructions.  PUS ([**2182-11-12**]) at [**Hospital1 **] [**Location (un) 620**] reveals a uterus measuring 11 x 4.2 x 6 cm.  Endometrial stripe measured 7 mm.  No endometrial polyp was appreciated.  The right ovary measured 3 cm in its greatest dimension with a large 8.9 x 4 cm cyst containing some debris.  There was additionally a smaller 1.3 cm nodule within it.  A third cystic area with flow was also noted along the edge of this large cystic lesion.  On the left, the left ovary measured 5 cm in its greatest dimension and contained a 2.2 cm simple cyst.  There was an additional 1.1-cm solid nodule & a small amount of free fluid in the cul-de-sac. . She denied any symptoms related to these PUS findings such as pelvic pain.  On review of her menstrual pattern, she does report a pattern of oligomenorrhea consistent with perimenopause.  She did skip her menses in [**4-/2182**], [**5-/2182**], and [**6-/2182**] and has then resumed monthly menses in [**Month (only) 205**] with each episode lasting roughly five to eight days.  The amount of bleeding is lighter than her prior moderate to heavy flow noted two years ago. The patient continues to remain asymptomatic. Given the size of the lesions and the solid components, I advised surgical management even though she remains asymptomatic. After careful consideration, the patient would like to proceed with surgical evaluation.  A plan for a laparoscopic bilateral salpingo-oophorectomies with possible conversion to laparotomy was discussed.  Pelvic peritoneal washings will be obtained.  We also discussed the need for a staging procedure should surgical findings reveal a malignant condition.  The patient was consented for a laparoscopic bilateral salpingo-oophorectomies, pelvic peritoneal washings, possible laparotomy, and possible staging procedure.  She understands that a staging procedure will be performed by one of our gynecologic-oncologist here at [**Hospital1 18**] if indicated (greatly appreciated).  The nature of the surgery, potential surgical risks, likely hospital and postoperative course were discussed with the patient in detail today.  Informed consent was obtained.
Mr. [**Known lastname 28912**] is a 27-year-old HIVpositive male who presented with fevers, chills, headache to the Emergency Room.  The patient was in his usual state of health until last week while being on vacation in [**Location (un) 28913**].  He developed throbbing frontal occipital headache eyes and dry mouth and the headache was alleviated only slightly with ibuprofen.  About one day later, the patient developed diffuse myalgia, began having shaking chills, and noted an intense erythema over both legs and injected conjunctivae and sclerae.  These symptoms persisted over three days and patient returned from vacation.  At home, he noted a temperature of 103.9 and came to the Emergency On review of systems, the patient had not had any headache as above before, is not photophobic, but does complain of a stiff neck.  He did not have any visual disturbances, photophobia, nasal congestion, sore throat, oral ulcers or odynophagia.  He does complain of mild shortness of breath over several months but is unable to quantify this in more detail and shortness of breath did not limit him in daily activities.  He does complain of a cough.  He is not complaining of nausea or vomiting, chronic fevers.  He does complain of tarry loose stools, twice to three times per day, otherwise, has no urinary symptoms.  He cannot recall any exposure to wild plants and animals or travels to exotic rural settings.  He does not recall when his last PPD was done. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:   HIV was diagnosed in [**2171-2-25**]. Until then, he had a stable CD4 count in the mid 300s and never had any opportunistic infections or AIDS defining illnesses until now.  He was in no previous HAART.  Two weeks ago, CD4 count was 171, his viral load 200,000 and was started on Bactrim for Pneumocystis carinii prophylaxis. 2.  Status post auricle cyst excision. MEDICATIONS PRIOR TO ADMISSION:  Bactrim, acyclovir. ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies. SOCIAL HISTORY:  The patient is a single homosexual young man who at the moment has no current partners and is not sexually active.  He denies alcohol or intravenous drug abuse.  He is employed as a coordinator for a program for the Pediatric Justice Department, working with HIV positive kids.  He is also a part-time veterinarian technician.  Recently, his travel history included a stay in [**Location (un) 5953**] last week and a stay in D.C. last month, Phoenix last year.  At home, he has three cats. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  His temperature was 99.6.  Blood pressure 116/62. Pulse 93.  Respiratory rate 19.  02 saturation on room air 98%.  In general, he is an awake, alert and oriented young man, looks slightly uncomfortable and is coughing.  His pupils are equally round and reactive to light.  He has some conjunctival and scleral injection on both eyes.  No oral lesions.  His neck exam reveals post cervical tender lymphadenopathy and supple meningismus. Auscultation of his heart revealed regular rate and rhythm, no murmurs, gallops or friction rubs. Auscultation of the lungs reveals scattered inspiratory crackles in the right post mid lung field.  The abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended and only shows slight right upper quadrant tenderness on deep palpation.  Bowel sounds are normal active over all four quadrants.  There is no edema and his extremities show no cyanosis or clubbing.  The skin on his back and on both legs proximally shows a diffuse erythema with no open ulcerations, no desquamations and no petechial purpura like appearance.  On neurological exam, he is alert and oriented times four.  Muscle strength 5/5 throughout. LABORATORIES ON ADMISSION:  White blood cell count 2.3, hematocrit 37, platelet count 133,000.  Differential is 57 polymorphonucleocytes, 35 lymphocytes, 6 monocytes, 1 eosinophil.  MCV is 85, sodium 136, potassium 3.4, chloride 102, HCO3 25, BUN 9, creatinine 0.9, glucose 92. COURSE OF HOSPITAL STAY:  To rule out meningitis, a head CT was performed showing no acute intracranial process.  A lumbar puncture revealed 2 white blood cells, no red blood cells, protein of 31, glucose of 53 in cerebrospinal fluid. Because of his shortness of breath and to rule out pneumonia as the source of his symptoms, a chest x-ray was performed showing no cardiopulmonary process.  The next day, his cough increased as well as his shortness of breath, and he became hypoxic.  His 02 saturation dropped to 85% on five liters. Another chest x-ray was done showing now an acute interstitial and valvular pulmonary edema.  The heart size now was borderline with diffuse interstitial pulmonary edema. Predominantly perihilar air space opacities and small bilateral pleural effusions.  Induced sputums were performed and the patient was started on intravenous Bactrim and prednisone for a possible PCP infection and levofloxacin for any community-acquired pneumonia.  An echocardiogram was also performed showing an ejection fraction of over 65% with normal left ventricular wall thickness, cavity size and systolic function. As the patient continued to worsen and became increasingly hypoxic, he was transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit on day two of his hospital stay.  Blood cultures, urine cultures, stool cultures were obtained, but were all negative.  The patient was also feeling increasingly anxious and was given morphine, pantoprazole, zolpidem, and heparin. On day three of his hospital stay, the patient had to be intubated due to increasing hypoxia and respiratory distress. Another chest x-ray now showed a worsening in aeration.  The previously noted pulmonary edema, which had predominated in the central lung zone, appeared to have extended into more peripheral portions of both hemithoraces.  It was consistent with adult respiratory distress syndrome and possibly superimposed pneumonia.  The patient was sedated through Fentanyl, lorazepam and also received nicotine. On day five of his hospital stay, hematocrit dropped to 26.7. He had not stooled and laboratory findings were not significant for hemolysis; therefore, an abdominal CT scan was performed to rule out retroperitoneal bleeding.  The CT showed evidence of bilateral pneumonia aspiration, mild pleural effusions, but no focal consolidations and no retroperitoneal bleeding.  To identify the source of his infection, a bronchoalveolar lavage was performed but viral culture was negative.  Influenza antigens A and B were negative.  Respiratory syncytial virus [**Doctor Last Name 360**] was negative. No acid fast bacillus in the smear was detected.  No polymorphonuclears and sparse oropharyngeal flora could be seen.  Fungal culture was negative.  Legionella culture was negative and PCP was negative.  The sputum showed only sparse oropharyngeal growth.  Cerebrospinal fluid culture was negative for cryptococcal antigen fungus.  The HIV viral load was 343.  Serology was as follows:  EBV:  VCA, IgG antibody positive.  EBNA IgG antibody negative.  VCA, IgM antibody negative.  Toxoplasma IgG antibody equivocal.  CMV IgG antibody 385 AU/ml. Hepatitis A antibody negative. IgG indeterminate, IgM negative, IgA negative.  HBS antigen negative.  HBS antibody positive.  HBV antibody negative. HCV antibody negative.  HIV antibody positive. Stool cultures showed no ova or parasites. No Cryptosporidium, no Giardia, no polymorphonucleocytes.  C. difficile was repeatedly negative.  As Bactrim has been described to be associated with adult respiratory distress syndrome, Bactrim was discontinued on day five of hospital stay.  Within the next three days, the patient improved, still had fevers, but could be put on a spontaneous breathing ventilator on day eight of his hospital stay and extubated on day nine.  The skin signs markedly improved and his 02 saturation on hospital day nine was now 98% on four liters of oxygen/nasal cannula. On day ten of his hospital stay, the patient developed withdrawal symptoms consisting of agitation, hallucinations and tachypnea, which could be attributed to the high doses of Fentanyl he had received. The patient was transferred to the Medicine Floor on day ten of his hospital stay.  A chest x-ray showed no significant changes to previous ones.  The patient remained to be anxious and agitated.  He also still had hallucinations and an oral thrush could be observed and treated with Nystatin.  He continued to have diarrhea, but his stool cultures remained negative.  Blood cultures were drawn and were still pending. On day 12 of his hospital stay, the patient was started on Dapsone for PCP prophylaxis, but the patient developed a rash on both arms and the back again.  As Dapsone is known to show a cross reactivity to Bactrim in [**10-20**]%, Dapsone was discontinued.  Patient continued to have fevers and further blood cultures were drawn which are still pending. On day 14 of his hospital stay, all medications except prednisone and the nicotine patch were discontinued.  The patient was seen by Physical Therapy and started to walk around the floor.  Diarrhea seemed to have gotten better. His temperatures remained at low grade.  On day 15 of his hospital stay, the patient was discharged.  Blood cultures will have to be followed up with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **], with whom he has an appointment within two weeks and a Infectious Disease Consult for starting of HAART and PCP [**Name Initial (PRE) 1102**].  His medications on discharge are Nystatin and nicotine patches. [**First Name11 (Name Pattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2667**], M.D.  [**MD Number(1) 2668**] Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern4) 28914**] MEDQUIST36 D:  [**2180-4-21**]  02:24 T:  [**2180-4-21**]  02:43 JOB#:  [**Job Number 14476**] Admission Date:  [**2151-3-1**]              Discharge Date:   [**2151-3-3**] Date of Birth:  [**2089-4-27**]             Sex:   F Service: MEDICINE
This is a 61 yo female with a history of laryngeal spasm, possible asthma, and anxiety who underwent elective L eye cataract removal and trabeculectomy today under general anestesia with LMA, PACU course complicated by respiratory distress. She has had prior issues post-op with laryngeal spasm, sometimes requiring intubation. Her PCP [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **]. [**Last Name (STitle) **] notes that her asthma dx is not clear, and that when she has been intubated, there does not appear to be any obstructive issues, suggesting most of her symptoms are upper airway in nature. She has responded inconsistently to heliox in the past, and at her last admission at OSH did not tolerate NPPV well, but responded well to clonazepam. Regarding recent events, per anesthesia and nursing, she initially developed dry cough, followed by progressive tachypnea and dyspnea over the afternoon (from ~2pm to 7pm). Was given albuterol and ipratropium nebs without significant effect. Called by anesthesia to see patient around 7pm, given RR reaching upper 30s and concern for need of NPPV vs invasive ventilation. Had recently received 60mg solumedrol and racemic epinephrine without significant effect. Patient notes feeling dyspneic with dry cough intermittently, as well as wheezy. She denies fatigue, stating she knows what that implies. No fevers, pain, dysuria, nausea, vomiting. Detailed ROS not obtained in setting of patient's respiratory distress.
Mr [**Known lastname 97968**] is a 66 year-old male with a history of lung cancer, a left internal capsule stroke and left temporal grade III infiltrating astrocytoma presented to the emergency room this afternoon with multiple complaints. He is lethargic and aphasic - history obtained primarily from his daughter who accompanied him to the emergency room. Briefly he was diagnosed with two seperate primaries last year (lung adenocarcinoma treated with a lobectomy and an astrocytoma). He was on high dose steroid therapy to reduce the cerebral edema and developed a myopathy which prompted the gradual tapering of his steroids. He was recently enrolled in the Xerecept clinical trial and his decadron dose was reduced from 12mg qd down to 6 mg qd. His daughter notes that since the reduction of the steroids he has had become increasingly lethargic and fatigued. In addition, she notes that over the past 24 hours he has had several episodes of urinary incontinence and emesis. She also notes he has had increasing difficulty walking and performing his basic tasks. His daughter reports that he has been drinking but has had a decreased appetite over the past 48 hours. Review of Systems: Pt not able to provide. He was recently diagnosed with a right lower extremity DVT for which he was started on lovenox therapy. Accoring to his daughter no chest pain, shortness of breath or syncopal episodes today. She feels the swelling in the lower leg is mildly improved todya on exam. ER course - CT of head demonstrated increasing midline shift leftward from the MRI done in [**2172-2-20**]; worsening edema; mass effect on left ventricle; displacement of ipsilateral lateral ventricle although degree of herniation has increased; progressive left peduncle herniation. Pt discussed with Dr [**Last Name (STitle) 724**] and given dose of Dexadron (10 mg IV).
37 yo F with PMHx panhypopit who was found hypotensive, hypoglycemic, bradycardic at home. She was found to have HR in the 20s on sofa unresponsive, lethargic, inital glc 21, bp 70's, HR 40's. She received 100mg thiamine, 1amp glucagon, 1amp dextrose in the field with rapid improvement in mental status. She was last seen by family in morning. . In the ED, 95.0 68 115/57 20 98%. Awake, following commands, not oriented on arrival. FS now 181.Labs notable for Na:133, Lactate:1.6. K 3.0  bicarb 18 Mg 1.4  INR: 1.4 WBC 2.8. Endocrine c/s: can give levothyroxine 75% IV of home dose about 2 hours after Dex dose but sounds mostly like adrenal insufficiency. Tox scrren negative. Foley placed, Urine, urine tox sent. Given zosyn/vanco, Dexamethasone, Lorazepam 2mg/mL, Dextrose. On D5 maintenance. 2PIV, Right IJ placed. HR 30-60s, BP 80s-115s, temp to 33deg on bear hugger. QTc564. Vitals improved with temperature. CT head normal, CXR nml. Line in right place. Transfer VS 57 93/75 15 100%2L. QTc narrowed to 505. Started on levo for SBP 83, 2mg Mag and 4L IVFs. Also given calcium gluconate. Had Ativan 1mg x2 for nausea/vomiting. . In the ICU, patient had an odd affect.  She was oriented but childlook.  She endorsed slight nausea and cough. Reports compliance with medication. .
71-year-old man with AS undergoing CoreValve eval for critical aortic stenosis, s/p complicated cardiac cath on [**7-10**] (hematoma) groin p/w with CP and SOB s/p Intubation Was at rehab after [**Hospital1 18**] admission (see below). On [**7-28**] he was combative, delirious. On [**7-29**] he c/o CP and SOB. Sent to NVMC ED with t98.3, HR 108, RR 18, BP 117/47, 84% on RA. He received 60mg IV lasix and BiPap. Admitted to a telemetry float. IV dapto (600) and Gent (120) given. On [**7-30**], at 0120, he received 40mg IV lasix for SOB and was intubated at 2am and started on propofol. No vasopressors. CXR with "extensive fluffy infiltrates that appeared nodular". ABG showed 7.35/40/94 on 100%Fi02, PEEP 5, TV 700 on AC at RR12. Net fluid balance was 800 negative. Cultures were drawn. WBC 6.7, Hbg 9.3, HCT 26.3, plt 312. Na 132, K 3.6, Cl 94, HCO3 26, BUN 33, Cr 2.28 (from 1.86 overnight. ACE and BB were held due to "soft" blood pressures. He was transferred to the [**Hospital1 18**] CCU intubated on propofol. In the CCU, he was tachy to 130 and hypotensive to 90's. His CXR yielded a diffuse patchy infiltrate. His PICC line transduced a CVP of 9. He received 2.5 mg of metoprolol tartrate to bring rate to 100. EKG was unchanged despite rate decrease with precordial ST-depressions, AVR elevation. He received 500cc of NS bolus (250 x 2). Propofol was dc'd. LAST ADMISSION Was admitted on [**7-10**] with Hematoma following cardiac catheterization which disclosed RCA disease. He had ecchymoses throughout right  groin, including swelling and discoloration of genitals. Ultrasound revealed pseudoaneurysm of the femoral artery with bleeding resolved by thrombin injection, confirmed by US. The patient developed fever on [**2120-7-15**] and increased oxygen requirement. 8/8 bottles were growing Enterococcus faecalis as was his urine. TTE was without vegetation. He was treated as endocarditis.  WBC scan showed a single focus near posterior liver, may also be in pleural space, but no reason to believe AAA graft was infected by scan. Infectious Disease was consulted and started patient on regimen of daptomycin (patient had anaphylaxis to Unasyn) and gentamicin. Within 48 hours, the patient had defeveresced. His blood cultures from [**2120-7-16**] onward were negative. ASSORTED PROBLEMS DURING LAST ADMISSION During an episode of oxygen desaturation, an EKG was checked, which showed no ST or T wave changes. The patient had troponin elevation (0.57), but CK-MB (2) resolved. Patient's Cr rose to 1.6 from 1.2 and later fell to 1.3 on discharge. Cardiac surgery has declined AV replacement. Patient underwent CTA chest/CT cardiac and PFTs as part of CoreValve work-up. Episodes of abdominal pain with negative bloodtests. RUQ ultrasound ordered for unclear indications and showed cholelithiasis without cholecystitis.
PT is an 86 y.o female with h.o CAD, systolic CHF, AS/AR, afib, s/p pacemaker, HL, DM, dementia, s/p CEA who was recently admitted on [**7-4**] to the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] then transferred to [**Hospital Ward Name 121**] 3/[**Hospital1 **] service. . At [**Name (NI) 16962**], pt was found to have a HCT of 21, 27 2 days ago and and INR of 4.7. Pt was given 1u PRBCs and 2 units of FFP. Pt was also noted to have a K of 5.6 for which she was given 10 units of reg insulin SC, 1 amp bicarb, D50, kayexylate. Pt was also noted to have a Ck of 529, MB 60, index 11.3, and troponin of 30.18. R.femoral line was placed. Vitals noted to be T 97, BP 108/55, finger stick 155. . Pt's daughter reports that she felt her mother was more "weak", "pale" and had decreased urine output. Pt and daughter deny recent trauma or falls. Of note, pt c/o L.hip pain at last admit and plan films were neg for fx. . Currently pt denies pain, LH/dizziness, headache, chest pain/palpitations, SOB, abd pain/N/V/D/C, joint pain, rash. . On review of symptoms, - stroke, -TIA, +deep venous thrombosis/L.arm, -pulmonary embolism, bleeding at the time of surgery, myalgias, joint pains, cough, hemoptysis, black stools or red stools. She denies recent fevers, chills or rigors. He denies exertional buttock or calf pain. All of the other review of systems were negative.
48 yo male with a distant smoking history on Plavix for stents presenting with hemoptysis for two days. The patient stated that he first had symptoms two nights prior to admission when he woke from his sleep coughing blood. He went back to sleep without trouble. He had another episode of hemoptysis (walnut sized) in the shower. He went to his doctor that afternoon and noted that he had a blood clot sitting on his soft palate. The bleeding became worse on the night prior to admission. At that time, he was continuously coughing blood and drove himself to the emergency room. .
72 M was admitted for expedited workup of hypopharyngeal lesion and biopsy that was compressing the proximal airway as seen on PET/CT. After biopsy was performed with ENT service, patient was admitted to the ENT service for further observation. Right venous access port was placed as well as G-tube in preparation for induction chemotherapy. Once patient was stable from procedures, he was transferred to the oncology service for preparation of starting chemotherapy. He reports no acute complaints on admission to the ENT service.
51 yo male with h/[**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 849**]-Gastaut with MR presenting from group home after one day of fever.  History provided by worker from group home.  Noted to develop temperature of 99.6 -> 101.6. Associated with emesis, yellow/green.  No other history provided by worker who was with patient in the ED, and the patient is not able to provide any additional history. In the ED, initial vital signs were 99.2 124 104/55 (lowest SBP 90s) 22 93% on RA.  18 gauge and 20 gauge.  guaiac (-).  CBC with WBC 16.4 w/ bandemia of 6.  Sinus tach in low 100s. BP in 110s/ gave Ceftx, vanco, azitrhomycin. Cultures were drawn.  T max of 101.  vanc, ceftriaxone, and azith given.  Lactate 2.4 -> 3.1 after four liters NS.  Decision was then made to admit patient to ICU.  Lactate normalized to 1.9 prior to transfer. vitals on transfer 99.7  113  102/65  18  94%.
47 yo female w/ h/o bipolar d/o, schizophrenia and DM2, who presents to the ED from [**Hospital1 1680**]-HRI with progressively worsening mental status and tremulousness, found to have a lithium level of 3.5. History was obtained by patient's nurse [**First Name (Titles) **] [**Last Name (Titles) 1680**]-HRI. At some point in [**Name (NI) 205**], pt's clozapine was discontinued due to agranulocytosis. This resulted in an acute psychotic episode, requiring hospitalization at [**Hospital1 1680**]-HRI on [**6-22**]. She has been hospitalized at this facility for the past 5 weeks. Her nurse notes that over the first 2-3 weeks of her hospitalization, she steadily became more psychotic and paranoid, believing that she was being poisoned. For the past 3 weeks, pt. has had very poor PO intake. Per her nurse, she did not have any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, SOB, cough, chest pain, fevers, or dysuria. Of note, a full set of basic labs were obtained on [**7-18**]. These were all wnl, including a BUN/Cr of 24/0.8. She was started on lithium 300mg TID on [**7-23**]. Over the past week, staff have noted that she has been increasingly tremulous and unsteady on her feet, requiring a walker to ambulate. Over the past two days, pt. became increaisngly confused and incoherent. She was refusing to get out of bed and being more agitated. A lithium level was checked and was 3.5. This prompted transfer to [**Hospital1 18**] ED. In the ED, initial VS were: 100.2 120 115/92 18 97% Labs were notable for Lithium level of 3.0. Na 133 K 5.5 Cl 101 HCO3- 23 BUN 47 Cr 3.3 Glucose 84. AST 32 ALT 24 AP 103 T Bili 0.4. WBC 11.9 (74.2% PMN) HCT 43.8 Plt 288. PTT 30.5 INR 1.0 Pt. was noted to be very tremulous and agitated. A temporary HD line was placed in the ED. For her agitation, she was given a total of 4mg of Ativan, and was transfered to the MICU for HD and further management. On arrival to the MICU, VS:T 97.8 HR 95 BP 111/68 RR 19 97% on RA
54 y/o with with Afib on coumadin, CHF, with BRBPR starting at approximately 6 am.  He reports hourly bowel movements of large quantities of loose red blood. No N/V or abdominal pain. No history of GI Bleeding in the past. Denies use of NSAIDs. He presented to Ermerson hosptial. There at 1pm HCT was 26.1, down from 36 at baseline. INR was 3.79. At [**Hospital1 **] he received 3 units of RBC, 3 Unit FFP, and 10mg of Vit K. He underwent a tagged RBC scan at [**Hospital1 **] which revieled (per sign out) active bleeding in the jejunum. Prior to transfer his SBP dropped to the 60s and was tachycaric to the 110s. He was transfered with two, 18G PIV. He r In the ED, initial vs were: T P BP R O2 sat. Surgery and GI were consulted. Surgery did not feel the RBC scan was as definitive for the jujenum and defered surgery. GI was consulted and suggested NG lavage and angiography. A trauma line was placed. The patient was seen by IR. In the ED the patient got 4 RBC, 2 FFP, 1 plt, and 5000U of Factor IX. HR remained in the 110s, BP flucuated from SBP 80s to 100s. While in the ED he had a bloody BM with 1000cc output. EKG was without ischemic changes. On the floor, The patient has blood covering the buttox. He denies Lightheadness, CP, SOB, syncope. N/V, abd pain. NG lavage was negative. Of note the patient was recently admitted at [**Hospital3 3765**] from [**2185-8-8**] to [**2185-8-22**] for severe cellulits c/w septic shock, treated with Levo, clindamycin, and cephalexin. He has been of all abx for approximately 3 weeks. Course was also complicated with CHF requiring agressive diuresis.
Pt is an 88 y/o female who resides at a nursing facility. she was found by her nurse to have confusion, nausea, coffee ground emesis and melena. Records from outside hospital noted report of Left facial droop as well. she was seen at an OSH and CT head was performed.
51 y/o male who is originally from the [**Location (un) 3156**] where he believes he acquired the HCV in [**2137**] when he received a blood transfusion. The HCV was diagnosed in [**2158**] and he has undergone multiple interferon-based therapies including interferon monotherapy, Rebetron, and Peg-Intron and ribavirin without achieving an EVR or SVR. He was part of the COPILOT maintenance arm trial in [**2160**] and in Fall of [**2163**] had  complete viral suppression.  He has been off of all antiHCV therapies now for the past 18 months and has had no HCV viremia on his labwork. He recently underwent surveillance CT which demonstrated  a known lesion had increased slightly to 15mm in size. The CTs were to be repeated q 3 months. Patient denies recent illnesses, no chest pain, SOB, N/V/D has occasional right sided discomfort not decribed as pain
87 y/o F with h/o of stage III NSCLC on chemo & XRT, DM2, Hypothyroidism, HTN, GERD p/w malaise x 4 days and abdominal pain x 1 week. Pt reports that she has been having epigastric abdominal pain & nausea for the past week.  She has had decreased po intake for the past 4-5 days, but has been drinking upto 2 quarts of water per day because of recommendations given to her by her oncologist for her cancer therapy.  The pt reports starting to feel malaised and "run down" 4 days prior after she received chemotherapy.  The patient saw her PCP [**Name9 (PRE) 96962**] and checked her routine routine labs. These revealed her sodium was 131 and the pt was referred to the ED. . In the ED, vitals: 98.4, hr 111, 174/85, rr 15, sat 95% ra. Na in ED 127. EKG: SR with upright Ts in lat precord leads (change from prior). CXR with no acute changes. Given zofran and 1 L NS. Admitted to medicine.
Mr. [**Known lastname 70072**] is a 71 yo male who with a PMH of hypertension and MI, who presents with back pain of 2 weeks duration.  He states that he first noticed that something was wrong a couple of weeks ago, after eating eating ice cream and drinking ice water at night.  Later that night, after going to bed and falling asleep, he was woken with a strange feeling which he describes as a curtain descending down over his abdomen.  He states it felt as if his body, in the region of his abdomen, had just shut down. He fell back asleep the night, hoping that the strange feeling would go away on its own.  Over the next few days, he began to notice a pain in his upper back.  He describes that pain as similar to a muscle spasm, in his back, that does not radiate. When the pain first began, it was intermittent and could be brought on by nearly anything, including getting up to walk and eating.  He tried Advil and acetominophen which helped at first to relieve his pain.  He noticed that his pain gradually became more intense, and more intolerable.  He reports occasional chest pain, shortness of breath, and feeling feverish when his pain would become severe. At the time of presentation to an OSH, his pain was constant, not relieved with Advil or acetominophen, and he reports it as a [**9-26**].  He also developed a dry, non-productive cough over the past 2-3 days, and a feeling of nausea that developed when he would cough.  At times, when the pain would become severe, he began to feel feverish and developed sweats.  He reports that his last bowel movement was nearly a week ago.  Patient reports that he was in Tripoli, North [**Country 480**] in the [**2044**]'s during the Korean war.  Recalls one episode of walking pneumonia, nearly 20 years ago, was not hospitalized.  Recalls no episodes of hemoptysis.  He estimates that he has lost ~10 pounds over the past two months due to decreased appetite and pain with eating.  He denies chills, night sweats, changes in vision, headache, shortness of breath, chest pain, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea, numbness, parasthesias.
73 year old man with history of COPD, hyperlipidemia, HTN who presents to the ED intubated by paramedics after they were called to his home for increasing SOB.  The details of the events leading up to his intubation are not clear.  In discussion with friend [**Name (NI) 73298**] [**Name (NI) **], she reports that [**Name (NI) 269**] came to visit on [**12-19**] at which time he was reportedly "doing well" in terms of his respiratory status.  Sometime after [**Month/Year (2) 269**] left, however, pt. called [**Doctor First Name 73298**] and told her he needed help as he could not breathe.  It was at that time that EMS was called. There is no EMS record in paperwork from the ED, but per verbal report from ED resident, pt was so SOB that he requested intubation when EMS arrived to his home.  Although per verbal s/o there was report that he never picked up steroids that were prescribed on discharge, I am unable to find a record of steroids having been prescribed during his last admission and further upon discharge.  He was intubated at home and was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] ED for further evaluation. . Of note, he was admitted to the surgical service from [**Date range (1) 21504**]/08 after presenting with abdominal pain/rectal bleeding and progressive SOB.  He was intubated in emergency room d/t increasing respiratory distress despite multiple nebs. NGT tubes was placed with coffee grounds and he reportedly had episodes of maroon stool  EGD was performed on [**12-2**] which showed pyloric ulcers, but no e/o active bleeding.  He had subsequent additional hct drop and EGD was repeated on [**12-13**] showing e/o recently bleeding pyloric ulcer.  Ulcer was injected with epi and endoclip was deployed unsuccessfully.  He received a total of 8 units prbcs, 1 bag platelets, 1 unit FFP last on [**12-3**] after which his hct remained stable without any further bleeding.  He was continued on [**Hospital1 **] PPI and was treated for h. pylori.  Although his respiratory failure was attributed to COPD exacerbation, it does not appear that he received steroids during his hospital stay.  He was, however, extubated successfully and when ambulating with PT during last admission, he became SOB with O2 sats dipping into the 80% and CTA was positive for subsegmental PE and he was started on heparin gtt and transitioned to coumadin prior to discharge. . In the ED, initial vs were: T 100.0 P 120 BP 95/77 Intubated and breathing at set rate of 16 O2 sat100% on AC (exact settings unclear). CTA chest on prelim read showed no PE, pneumonia or edema; it showed unchanged pulmonary nodules.  UA showed few bacteria, no squams, 6 WBCs, [**2-27**] RBCs.  He received 125mg IV solumedrol, 1g IV ceftriaxone and 500mg IV azithromycin x1.  He received versed for sedation.  He received a total of 6L NS. .
76 year old male with known aortic aneursym presented to the emergency room with complaints of  1 hour of [**6-14**] chest pain radiation to back, arm and jaw. Upon CTA of torso he was found to have dissection in aortic root with possible extravagation with intrameral thrombus. He is going to OR emergently for an ascending aorta replacement and possible AVR.
Hepatologist:  Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 497**] PCP:  [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **]. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] . Ms. [**Known lastname 92101**] is a 59yo woman with h/o Hepatitic C Cirrhosis with portal hypertension s/p TIPS, MELD score 23, who presented to an OSH with altered mental status. . Her father found her on the morning of admission with her legs hanging over the side of the bed.  She was unresponsive.  The family reports that she had been feeling well at home but becoming increasingly confused.  They admit that she often fights against taking lactulose, though they feel she is largely compliant with it.  She may have spit out her lactulose dose last night.  Otherwise, ROS significant for some nausea.  She has nevertheless been eating and drinking well.  No diarrhea. No fevers. . When EMS arrived, her blood sugar was 146.  She was noted to be incontinent of urine. . Upon arrival to [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Hospital3 6783**], her VS were 129/60   117   21 98% RA.  She was intubated because of failure to protect her airway.  Although the lowest recorded temp was 96.2 rectally, she was noted as being hypothermic and a bair hugger was placed. Labs were notable for K of 6.2 and non-gap acidosis with HCO3 of 14.  Lactate was elevated at 5.6.  WBC elevated at 16 with Hct and Cr at baseline.  UA significant for large leukocytes and negative nitrites.  CT Head without contrast revealed vague area of low attenuation in the lft frontal region, ? related to small vessel ischemia.  There was no evidence of bleed, mass, or midline shift.  CXR revealed vascular congestion.  She was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further care. . Upon arrival to [**Hospital1 18**] MICU, she was intubated.  Further history was obtained via phone call through the patient's son. . ROS:  unable to obtain
85M RHD medflighted in with bilateral upper extremity near-circumferential degloving injuries s/p attack by his own [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 533**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 9995**] 4-5hrs prior to presentation. A&O on presentation, HD stable, h/o afib on coumadin. Per [**Location (un) **] report was found sitting on couch at home covered in blood by his daughter and reported that he was attacked after trying to feed the dog ice cubes. His injuries include LUE near circumferential degloving injury over the proximal to mid humerus level, with exposed neurovascular structures as well as significant soft tissue avulsion on the dorsal and volar aspects of the forearm; No dopplerable pulse at radial or brachial artery; No sensation in M/R/U distribution with minimal flexor function in fingers, absent motor function at wrist. Right upper extremity with near circumferential degloving forearm injury down to muscle belly. Motor and sensory intact in M/R/U distribution. Also has left lower back wound and left lower leg wound.  Emergently taken to OR for exploration, washout and debridement of bilateral upper extremities, left lower back wound and left lower leg wound.
78 year old female with history of acute myelofibrosis with panmyelosis (a rare form of acute leukemia), neutropenic, recent admission for mild pancreatitis as well as neutropenic fever after experimental chemotherapy cycle (C1D1 [**2198-4-5**], now C1D26), now transfered from [**Hospital1 1474**] ED with tongue and anterior neck swelling. Patient reports having aphthous ulcers in her mouth for several days secondary to chemotherapy, and had begun using glycerin (FIRST) mouthwash, after which she noted tongue and anterior neck swelling this morning. She has used this product in the past, but not for at least a year. She noticed soon after using that the bottle was expired. Patient is also on lisinopril for hypertension, which she has been on long-term. She was started on allopurinol two weeks ago. Patient noted no chest or abdominal pain, rashes or pruritus. She did note some dyspnea at the time, but no specific sensation of throat closing. She did notice some symptoms of drooling. She also had some nausea, but did not vomit. She had not eaten anything that morning. This type of reaction and symptomatology has never occurred before. She presented initially to [**Hospital1 1474**] ED where she was given benadryl, famotidine, IV methylprednisolone, and an epinephrine pen injection, after which symptoms of dyspnea dramatically improved, per patient report. She was then transfered to [**Hospital1 18**] for further management. Her tongue was still noted to be swollen on arrival, though she has not had any throat tightness or stridor symptoms. . In the ED, initial VS were: T 98.2 P 72 BP 164/72 R 16 Sat 98% 2L. Patient was given no further medications in the [**Hospital1 18**] ED. Patient's hematologist/oncologist Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] was contact[**Name (NI) **] in the [**Name (NI) **] and requests Allergy consult for patient on arrival to [**Hospital Unit Name 153**]. . On the floor, patient reports that her tongue swelling has decreased considerably. She reports no dyspnea, throat tightness or current drooling. She has no nausea at this time. .
31M med flight from scene single vehicle MVC, unrestrained, positive alcohol. He was initially alert and oriented with no clear injuries, but in route became unresponsive with reported respiratory arrest and was intubated in the helicopter. He reportedly was a difficult intubation there is significant amount of emesis and blood in the airway, although he was intubated on the first pass.
pt is a a 55 F with h/o RA (on methotrexate, enbrel, prednisone) and spinal stenosis who presented to [**Hospital1 18**] on [**2184-1-1**] s/p recent fall with "inability to walk." Pt apparently had developed increasing weakness of her lower extremities with some urinary incontinence. Upon arrival to [**Name (NI) **] pt was treated with narcotics for pain of the left lower extremity and back, and developed mental status changes. Her O2 sats acutely dropped, (etiology unclear, [**2-7**] narcotics versus infiltrate), with tachycardia to 140s, hypoxia to 88%, and CTA showing RLL/RML opacity but no PE. Pt was intubated for airway protection and transferred to MICU. . MRI spine on [**1-1**] revealed severe L3-L5 spinal stenosis for which pt underwent lumbar decompression of L2-S1 on [**1-2**] with gross pus evident in epidural space. X-ray of the foot revealed left ankle fracture, for which she was placed in a walking cast. She also had cervical and retropharyngeal abscesses, for which she underwent cervical decompression and drainage of cervical abscesses, from C2-C7, with instrumentation and fusion from C3-C7, on [**2183-1-8**]. Retropharyngeal abcesses were drained, and she had bilateral knee arthrocentesis and washout for septic joints. Pt was treated with vancomycin after nafcillin resulted in rash (pt seen by derm, termed "drug hypersensitivity"). In addition, on [**1-3**] pt noted to have SVT, with rate up to the 160s, and SBP decrease. She was cardioverted x2 and started on amiodarone, which has since been discontinued. Pt seen by cardiology, without apparent further recommendation. . Pt most recently taken to OR on [**2183-1-25**] for debridement of postoperative lumbar wound, and decompression of L4-5 and repair of dural leak after pt was persistently febrile and MRI of lumbar spine showed fluid collection (+GPC per aspiration). Pt last febrile on [**1-25**]. . Pt exubated on [**1-21**] per notes, and now breathing comfortably on RA. Lower extremity weakness appears largely resolved, though pt signficantly deconditioned [**2-7**] hospitalization. Per ortho/spine, pt full weight bearing, though must wear hard cervical collar at all times, and TLSO brace whenever out of bed.
This is a complicated patientwho essentially was admitted to [**Hospital6 2018**] for EP ablation.  The patient had been admitted to [**Hospital1 **]-Gluver on [**2-10**] through [**2-24**].  The patient complained of left heart palpitations with weakness, dry cough, no nausea, fever, chills or vomiting.  The patient did have a little bit of yellow mucous when social history awoke on [**2-10**] with palpitations, notified her primary care physician who noted [**Name Initial (PRE) **] heartrate of 180 and sent her to the Emergency Room.  The patient did have a history of atrial tachycardia but it had been quiescent.  The patient had a long ventriculoperitoneal tachycardiac narrow complex at 139, a Dopamine drip was terminated but recurred.  Sotalol and Metoprolol was added.  Cardizem eventually was made p.o. Blood pressure had been limiting.  On [**2-12**] ? the patient had had surgery for repair of gastric ulcer perforation.  Records are not available at this time regarding that procedure.  The patient had near total gastric outlet obstruction, silk suture closed and placement of jejunostomy tube and gastrostomy tube.  Right internal jugular line was placed at the same time.  It was hard to control the patient's arrhythmias and was originally transferred to Dr.[**Name (NI) 1565**] service for EP ablation. However, the procedure was cancelled secondary to the patient developing a fever.  On transfer to the Medicine Intensive Care Unit the patient denies shortness of breath, chest pain, dizziness and was evaluated in the Medicine Intensive Care Unit. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for hypothyroidism, hypertension, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation treated with Verapamil and Digoxin with no recent episodes, status post appendectomy, depression status post total abdominal hysterectomy, status post motor vehicle accident. SOCIAL HISTORY:  Lives with sister, no children.  She has five siblings.
This is a 51 year-old Female with a stage IV breast cancer with mets to liver who was admitted to ACS on [**2122-7-13**] with a port line infection which was subsequently removed on [**2122-7-13**]. Initial blood cultures grew MSSA and Enterococcus and she was started on Vancomycin. She was then transferred to the medicine service on [**2122-7-20**] for bacteremia management and progressive dyspnea. She received a TEE on [**2122-7-21**] that was negative for vegetations. Chest imaging revealed bilateral loculated pleural effusions prompting left VATS and chest tube placement on [**2122-7-21**] with the pleural fluid growing MSSA. Her shortness of breath progressed and she required up to 4L NC. She had a CTA on [**2122-7-23**] that did not reveal central or lobar PE, but segmental/subsegmental PE could not be ruled out. She was briefly started on heparin, but this was discontinued due to persistent right sided empyema as leading cause of hypoxia. Her antibiotic coverage was broadened to Vancomycin and Zosyn the night of [**2122-7-23**]. Blood cultures negative since [**2122-7-17**], left sided pleural fluid growing MSSA.
Briefly, this is a 50 year old female with mast cell degranulation syndrome who presented last PM with a recurrent episode of respiratory distress, chest pain and abd pain consistent with her syndrome, who has required 3 doses of 0.3mg epinephrine SQ since admission and is being transferred to the ICU for closer monitoring. In the ED she was given epi IM, methylprednisolone 125mg x 1, pepcid, benadryl 50 x2, dilaudid 2 x3, atarax 25, zofran 4 and ativan. Tonight at 5pm, the pt was found to be c/o SOB with labored breathing but able to speak, received albuterol neb without improvement. VS 136/77, HR 99, Sat 97% on RA. She was given IV benadryl, 0.3mg SQ epi with improvement, transferred to the ICU for further monitoring.
40 yo M with in his usual state of good health presents with fever to 103, cough, and shortness of breath. His initial symptoms were fever and myalgia, beginning abruptly on Friday morning. He subsequently developed cough. On the morning of his admission, he developed palpitations and presented to a hospital in [**Location 3615**], where he was found to be in rapid atrial fibrillation. From there, he was transported to [**Location (un) 9101**], where he was treated with normal saline, vancomycin 1 gm, azithromycin 500 mg, ceftriaxone 1 gram, digoxin 0.25 mg, ibuprofen 600 mg, acetaminophen 975 mg, diltiazem 20 mg IV, and Cardizen CD 120 mg. His heart rate was controlled, but he developed a new oxygen requirement and was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further management. At [**Hospital1 18**], CXR showed a right-sided pneumonia with parapneumonic effusion. He was continued on a diltiazem gtt at 10 mg/hr. Blood and sputum cultures were sent. He was admitted to the ICU on a non-rebreather.
57F H/O Hypothyroidism who presented with unresponsiveness and meningitis. The patient was feeling well, but then developed URI symptoms (fevers, headache, ear pain) four day prior to admission. She then had persistent myalgias and nausea with worsening headaches over one to two days PTA> She felt very "cold" the night PTA when she asked her husband to turn up the heat. On the AM of admission, he tried to wake her up when leaving for work and she was unresponsive, barely opening her eyes to voice and not following commands. He called EMS and she was brought to [**Hospital1 18**]. The patient had no previous HIB or Pneumococcal vaccination. There was no rash, bruising, or mouth sores. Her husband had a mild "cold" a few days before her. ROS: Two months of intermittent headaches. ED: Received Ceftriaxone 2 grams IV, Vanco 1 gram IV, Acyclovir 800 mg IV and Ativan/Tylenol.
The patient is a 65-year-old male with a mechanical mitral valve, on coumadin, and hypertension.  On [**2147-7-14**], he awoke feeling generally unwell.  His wife called EMS and - en route to [**Name (NI) **] Hospital - the patient had a generalized convulsion. The patient had a second generalized convulsion upon entry to the [**Location (un) **] ER, he developed a massive tongue hematoma from a tongue bite, and underwent a difficult and prolonged intubation process.  INR was 3.2, which was in the appropriate range given the mechanical valve.  NCHCT revealed ICH and SAH.  He was loaded with 1 gram of dilantin and transferred to [**Hospital1 18**]. At [**Hospital1 18**], CTA revealed left sylvian fissure subarachnoid hemorrhage extending to parietal sulci, 4-mm aneurysm at the left MCA bifurcation pointing laterally, 2 to 2.5 mm aneurysm arising from the A2 segment of the left anterior cerebral artery at the level of ventricular bodies.  In the ED, the patient received Factor 9 and 1 unit FFP. He subsequently received 6 units of platelets and FFP to reverse his coagulopathy. He was started on nimodipine and HOB was kept > 30 degrees. A subsequent conventional angiogram further delineated the aneurysms; the Neurosurgery team felt that these aneurysms were unlikely to be the cause of the patient??????s bleeding.  Since there would be no further surgical intervention, the patient was transferred to the Neurology team in the ICU.
Mr. [**Known lastname **] is a 72-year-oldgentleman with a history of Hodgkin's disease was transferred here from [**Hospital3 **] Hospital because of intractable seizures and decreased mental status. He was in his usual state of health, active and playing golf, until [**8-17**] when he began to become "confused" and developed gait difficulties.  According to the family, Mr. [**Known lastname **] was behaving in a way that was perceived to be nontypical by family members. [**Name (NI) **] was also having gait difficulties that were considered to be mild, according to the family members. Because of these symptoms, he was evaluated at [**Hospital3 **] Hospital on [**8-17**]. At that time, a head computed tomography was reported as normal. He was give a diagnosis of transient ischemic attacks and was d/c home. Over the next three days, Mr. [**Known lastname **] problems gradually worsened.  On [**8-20**], he was at home when he developed a nonfocal onset of seizure which was later generalized.    He was transferred to the nearest Emergency Department where he continued to have generalized seizures.  He was given a Dilantin load and phenobarbital.  His systolic blood pressure at that time ranged between 120 and 200s. A repeat head CT was reported to be normal. Despite the Dilantin load and the phenobarbiltal, the patient continued to have clinical seizured. Therefore, he was started on an Ativan drip and was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit. His Dilantin was also continued on therapeutic levels.  Despite the Ativan drip and Dilantin therapeutic levels, Mr. [**Known lastname **] continued to be unresponsive and had intermittent seizures. The rate of the Ativan IV infusion was increased and the patient was intubated. A lumbar puncture was performed on [**8-20**] at [**Hospital3 **] Hospital and showed normal values. A MRI with diffusion- weighted imaging showed diffuse hyperintensity in the cerebral cortex (R > L) and both thalami. At this point, the patient remained intubated and unresponsive and was therefore transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further evaluation and care.
87-year-old M with h/o HTN, hyperlipidemia presented to OSH [**Hospital1 **] [**Location (un) 620**] with SSCP. Patient woke up in the morning and went for walk/gardening then started to feel very badly around 10 am, nauseas, profuse sweating and feeling as though his chest was going to "explode". He went home and tried to vomit but couldn't so presented to the [**Hospital1 **] [**Location (un) 620**]. At baseline he is very active and can do 30 minutes on the stationary bike or 20 minutes of rowing. He has never had similar symptoms in the past. . At OSH, VS 97.2 63 135/78 20 97% RA. EKG showing STE in inferior leads. Treated with heparin bolus of 4200 units no gtt, Integrillin bolus 6.8 ml with no drip, 2 sublinqual gtt then stopped, and 2 mg of Morphine IV and 2L NS. Attempted to give Lopressor IV but after 1 mg pt's b/p dropped to 96/48 so not given. Patient transferred for cath. . Cath here showed a proximal RCA occlusion with placement of 3 BMS. Transferred to ICU for hemodynamic instability, started on Integrilin gtt and Dopamine gtt for hypotension although AO 137/75 during cath. Upon arrival to the ICU patient is totally CP free. He c/o feeling cold and thirsty/dry mouth. ROS negative for h/o stroke, GI/GU complaints.
This is a 73yo male with CAD s/p CABG or STENT?, Hodgkins Lymphoma, recent admission in [**Month (only) 116**] for extensive bilateral femoral vein clots, who presents with dyspnea, cough, hypoxemia, found to have b/l pulmonary embolisms. Of note, this patient was admitted to oncology from [**Date range (1) **] for bilateral DVTs of common femoral, superficial femoral, politeal, and calf veins. At that time, he was started Dalteparin (Fragmin) daily for treatment of this. He reports that he had been compliant with this. The patient reports that he has been feeling short of breath for several months. When he left the hospital last [**Month (only) 116**], he was short of breath, and this has been worsening since then. He reports that his excercise tolerance has worsened progressively since being discharged from the hospital. He feels short of breath with mininal exertion. He also reports coughing nightly for the past few days. This morning, he "just couldnt take it anymore" and decided to come in. He denies any acute worsening in his breathing, and reports that it has been progressive. On review of systems. He denies chest pain, palpations. has cough, shortness of breath, dyspnea on exertion. denies fevers. reports chills and feeling cold all of the time. reports 10 pounds of unintentional recent weight loss. all other review of systems negative. In the ER, intial vitals were 103/43, HR 96, RR 22, O2sat 77% on RA. Reportedly altered when hypoxic, but mental status improved once on oxygen. A CTA was done showing clot in right main pulmonary artery and branch arteries in the LLL. He was started on heparin. He also remains hypoxemic. Attempt was made to put him in 6l NC, but he became tachpyneic and [**Last Name (LF) 52536**], [**First Name3 (LF) **] is now back on NRB.
Boiseau is a pleasant 65 yo man with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, bipolar disorder and h/o EtOH abuse who presented to the ED today with complaints of R arm pain, achiness and "feeling off." His wife reports that he did not complain of any of the above on the morning of admission, either. Per his wife, the pt awoke early this morning, which is unusual, and was c/o some R shoulder pain (the site of the vaccination. He was just a little "off," and he fell in the living room. Both he and his wife deny loss of consciousness.
68M with h/o CAD s/p stent in the [**2157**] in [**Country 10181**] and one episode of PNA several years ago admitted recently with PNA treated with PO levoflox but now re-presenting with fevers and fatigue. Per patient he was in his USOH until Sunday when he developed severe fatigue. He says this was how he felt with his last bout of PNA. He had a dry cough but is not sure if he also had fevers because he didnt have a thermometer. He was admitted here with a CAP and treated with one dose of levofloxacin IV and then switched to PO levofloxacin and sent home. Over the last few days he has not felt any better and every time the tylenol wears off he feels even worse. Mostly he has fatigue. The cough is non-productive but it does hurt him to cough. He denies myalgias. He had one episode of diarrhea this morning but otherwise no GI complaints although he has not been able to drink or eat much. Today he was feeling even worse and he took his temperature and it was 103 so he decided to come to the Ed. In the ED Admission Vitals: 101.9 130 132/90 24 100% 3L. HPI was as above in the ED and Otherwise ROS negative in ED. CXR in ED looks like persistent RLL PNA consistent with evolving PNA. ECG was sinus tachycardia to 126bpm. 2L NS brought HR down to 90s. He received vanc/ctx/azithro and although he reports a pcn allergy with hives he tolerated the ctx well. VS on transfer were: Temp 98.4, HR 92, 109/68, RR22 96 on 2L. (94 on RA). . On the floor, patient reports severe fatigue and dry cough. He reports the one episode of "explosive" diarrhea but none since. No other changes in bowel or bladder function. No sick contacts. [**Name (NI) **] recent travel. Never smoker. No TB risks but never had a PPD. .
87 year-old woman with chronic atrial fibrillation on Coumadin, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and recent left caudate lobe infarct who presents after unwitnessed fall and an INR of 20. Pt sustained two falls today while at home with PT/OT/VNA. First fall was witnessed with no head trauma or LOC.  Second fall was unwitnessed and caused hematoma to right side of head. Pt does not recall falling or events immediately preceding fall (she was using her cane). She denies dizziness, lightheadedness or aura prior to event. No chest pain, palpitations. She was able to put the hand to prevent hitting her head. She did not feel very fatigued afterward, there were no abnormal movements. She has rugs at home, but does not remember tripping.  After falling, pt's next memory is of daughter taking her to her primary care doctor, where she was found ot have an elevated INR and administered 10 mg of PO Vitamin K. Pt denies any changes to her medications including new antibiotics, changes in Coumadin dosage, diet, or supplements. She denies any current alcohol or social event.  She denies any fever, chills, diarrhea, nausea, vomit or other signs of infection. She takes her medications by herself and knows her Coumadin dose (2.5), but is unable to mention other medications. She lives in an [**Hospital3 **], where they do not supervise her in terms of her medications, but has a VNA. Pt was then transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] ER for further care. In the ER her initial VS: BP 131/53, HR 83, RR 18, 97.7. On physical exam she was A&OX3, had a hematoma in the right occiput and lower lip laceration of 0.5 cm. She had C-collar and had gross blood in the rectal vault. She had labs that were significant for INR of 20.2 with PTT of 71.4, HCT of 37.7 at her baseline. She underwent CT scan of the head and c-spine without any abnormality and CT scan of abdomen and pelvis without acute pathology. Patient was T&C and received 2 units of FFP. Her VS were stable throughout the ER course. She was admitted to the ICU for hemodynamic monitoring. GI was not called from the ER. Pt was recently hospitalized at [**Hospital1 18**] on [**2121-3-28**] for right facial and upper lip angioedema, as well as a recent fall.  Pt's daughter reports she was confused and altered from her baseline mental status on day prior to admission.  Angiogedema improved significantly with IV solumedrol and H1,H2 blockers.  A brain MRI was obtained due to h/o altered mental status in setting of fall, and was notable for an acute left caudate head infarct. MRA of the neck demonstrated a 50% stenosis of the left proximal internal carotid artery and 50% stenosis in both vertebral arteries in the V2 segment. The TTE on [**2121-3-31**] was negative for mural thrombus or cardiac source, but etiology of stroke felt most likely cardioembolic in setting of subtherapeutic INR.  Pt was discharged in stable condition to rehab.  On [**2121-4-12**], pt returned to [**Hospital1 18**] ED with transient dizziness, R arm and face weakness.  Head CT was negative for bleed, and neuro felt most her presentation was most likely due to recrudescence of prior caudate infarct in setting of mild dehydration.
Ms [**Known lastname 80042**] is an 84 year old woman with history of labile hypertension, coronary artery disase (per report with 40% RCA lesion seen in [**2-/2137**] cath), CLL, h/o breast cancer s/p left mastectomy and ischemic cardiomyopathy, presenting with new episode of chest pain this evening. . History is obtained via russian interpreter; patient reports she was at home resting when she started having severe chest pain localized to the left chest and which radiated to the left arm. Patient took imdur and diovan and pain resolved in approximately 5 minutes. Denies any dizziness, syncope or pre-syncope, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, diaphoresis, but did feel some difficulty breathing. . Patient denies any recent joint pains, cough, hemoptysis, black stools or red stools. She denies recent fevers, chills or rigors. . Patient believes this pain is more of a "pressure" than the pain she has been experiencing for the last few months. Denies paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle edema, palpitations, syncope or presyncope. . In the ED, 181/94, 70, 26 200% RA. Given 5mg IV lopressor, aspirin, plavix and heparin drip after discussion of ECG with cardiology fellow. Patient admitted for further evaluation.
Pt is 54 yo male with alcoholic cirrhosis, h/o esophageal varices, who has had multiple recent admissions to Southern [**Hospital 1727**] Medical Center for ascites and hepatic encephalopathy. Pt presented recently to the OSH with encephalopathy, and developed oliguric ARF, severe hyponatremia, and severe hyperkalemia. He also had a transaminitis on admission to OSH, which improved during his hospital stay. He had diarrhea, and was found to be positive for C.dif (presumably [**1-1**] recent Abx treatment for SBP), and was placed on flagyl. He was treated with octreotide, midodrine, and albumin for likely HRS. He was initially treated with levofloxacin, but this was d/c'd after a negative urine cx. Pt also reportedly underwent therapetuic paracentesis (12 L removed) 1 week ago. Pt was evaluated for TIPS procedure, however this was deferred until pt could be transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further evaluation. . Pt currently complains only of feeling "bloated". He denies abdominal pain, fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting, chest pain, SOB.
Ms [**Known lastname 51136**] is aged 57 and is a RHW with metastatic lung cancer. At around 5:30 pm, she fell while walking to her bathroom at home, and hit the left side of her head. After she fell, according to her daughter [**Name (NI) **] whom I contact[**Name (NI) **] by telephone, she had a seizure that lasted a minute, when she came round, she talked to her daughter and had another seizure which lasted a minute. She was taken to [**Location (un) 47**] [**Hospital3 1280**] and at the CT scanner she had another seizure. According to her daughters, she had not had seizures in the past. They also mentioned that their mother was having difficult swallowing some of her medications. At [**Location (un) 47**], she received 1400 mg Fosphenytoin, 10 mg Diazepam, she also received some Ativan. Review of systems: difficult to obtain as the Ms [**Known lastname 51136**] is actively having seizures.
60 yo male, h/o 5V CABG, CHF, BIV ICD/PPM, who found by his wife, sitting in chair with heated blanket, looking pale and with difficulty speaking. He then appeared not to be breathing. She called EMS, CPR briefly initiated(1-2 min) No tonic-clonic movements, but + incontinence of urine. EMS reported a weak pulse, but could not get a good BP. Got small amount fluid in the field and then improved. . In the ED, initial vital: T 100 rectal, HR 95, BP 113/83, RR 13, 100% NRB. He was noted to be confused with poor short term memory. CT head negative for acute process. Labs notable for WBC of 15K, no left shift, TropT 0.04, INR 1.5. Digoxin 1.8, Lactate 1.8. ECG V-paced. Urine and serum tox screens negative, U/A negative. Got 2L NS, 1gm CTX and 1 gm vancomycin emperically. Had swelling of LLE> [**Last Name (LF) **], [**First Name3 (LF) **] CTA performed which was negative. Later, family reported that this is his baseline. He was seen by neuro who found he had inability to form new short term memories, consistent with b/l hippocampi injury, possibly from anoxic injury. It was felt that the situation was more consistent with a cardiac event, and he was admitted to the ICU for monitoring and work up. Vitals upon transfer: T 98.8, HR 83, BP 104/90, RR 17, 100% 2L.
This is a 54yo M with Crohn's disease s/p multiple surgeries with resultant short gut syndrome [**12-22**] to colectomy and ileostomy and TPN dependency who was recently admitted to [**Hospital1 18**] for evaluation of low grade fevers, history of multiple line infections, MV endocarditis and osteomyelitis for which the pt is on chronic vancomycin for last 4 years, hickman for TPN, now present w/ fever and hypotension. . At home he became febrile (24 hr nursing care) w/ to 103.4. His nurse called Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] (ID)on [**8-23**] who was notified that he developed fever to 101 but subsequently deferveced. He was instructed to call back if recurrent fever. Dr. [**First Name (STitle) **] was called back later that his temp was 103 and she instructed him to go to the ED. He also had +fatigue. He had decreased activity and appetite. + Dyspnea w/any exertion. . He was recently admit to [**Hospital1 **] 2 weeks ([**Date range (1) 8403**]) ago for fever - work up for etiology neg. Durint that admission, he had no leukocytosis. CXR was negative for pneumonia. All blood cultures were negative to date, including cultures for yeast, mycolytic infections and for M. furfur. Urine culture was negative. TEE was negative for endocarditis. CT of the cspine and bone scan were negative for osteomyelitis. MRI showed subtle signal changes which may suggest chronic osteomyelitis but no prior MRI was available for comparision( last one was in [**2193**], when he did not have osteo).His Hickman was felt to be free of infection, so it was not pulled. . He denies any headache, neck pain, CP, chills, lightheadedness, headache, cough/sputum production, or change in bowel or urinary habits (burning, frequency, etc.). He also has noticed no erythema, tenderness, or swelling around his Hickman line (last changed [**2196-7-21**]), though he notes that his previous line infections have also been without external/visible changes. He has no sick contacts or recent travel. . In the ED, he had bld cultures sent. Vanco and zosyn was given (pt was already on vanco qod). ID was notified. CXR no evidence no focal infiltrate or change from prior CXR. BP 70s/40s. 2L NS. BP improved to 80-90s/40s.He did not have any signs of distress and was mentating within his normal range Small rim of erythema around Hickman, but obvious pus. Stoma was WNL. . He was transferred to the ICU for closer monitoring for hypotension.
80 y.o. F h/o COPD, diastolic CHF, HTN, s/p PPM for Mobitz II, AAA s/p repair, RAS s/p stent, MRSA bacteremia, presenting with 4 days increasing dyspnea. Began with URI symptoms of rhinorrhea and cough increasingly productive of gree/yellow sputum. Denies fevers or night sweats, admits chills once or twice. Daughter with whom she lives had cold several days before patient's onset of symptoms. Ms. [**Known lastname 12056**] states she had worsening SOB. Saw PCP yesterday, who added Flovent to her COPD regimen and started treatment for UTI with Levaquin 250mg PO daily. He also checked a CXR which had no infiltrate. This morning, dyspnea worsened, daughter describes patient as "gasping for air", brought to the ED.
Patient is a 77 yo woman with PMHx sig. for breast cancer diagnosed in [**11/2098**] s/p chemotherapy followed by Herceptin who presented to [**Hospital **] Hospital with seizures, was found to have metastatic brain lesion, and transferred for XRT of metastatic brain lesions. Patient had a PET scan in [**8-20**] that was normal except a low attenuation lesion in R parietal lobe.  Outpatient brain MRI on [**2100-9-17**] showed 1.2 cm right parietal mass with extensive edema c/w sole metastasis. On Sunday evening, she presented with new seizures.  The patient's son was sitting with her when she began to have jerking of her left arm.  She recalls that her arm was "trembling" and then she cannot recall any further events.  She then developed slurred speech and L facial droop.  She was taken to the ED, where she was agitated and confused.  She received ativan 4 mg, phenytoin loading, and dexamethason 6 mg IV.  She was seen by Neurology and Oncology, who felt that the patient would be candidate for gamma knife or neurosurgical removal followed by XRT.  She is transferred for evaluation of these treatments.  She has had no seizures since being hospitalized at [**Location (un) **].  She did receive at 8 AM on [**2100-9-20**] for agitation. She also received dilantin IV and Decadron IV.  Vitals prior to transfer were:  97.4 124/66 65 20 100% on 5L. History was confirmed by her HCP/son [**Name (NI) **] [**Name (NI) 88500**].
46 yo man with history of cervical spinal cord injury, s/p C3-6 ACDF and remaining quadriplegia, indwelling suprapubic catheter/recurrent UTIs, baclofen pump, COPD, OSA who presented to OSH with after his wife noted seizure like activity with subsequent unresponsiveness. . Per wife and pt. over the past 10 days, they noted several episodes they thought were seizures.  These are described as head turning to the right, facial grimacing, gutteral sounds, lasting 1-2 mins at a time with subsequent impaired ability to respond to her which resolved within 5-10 mins. He has had a total of four events of similar nature, although on one occasion, patient states that he actually recalled having these symptoms.  She notes that on that occasion, patient was actually yawning.  The night prior to evaluation, while going to sleep, wife noted another episode similar to above, however this time, after 2 mins of these events, patient did not return respond to her at all. Wife noted that his eyes rolled backwards and this was followed by tremmors of b/l UEs.  Wife also notes that ~ 1mo ago he was admitted to [**Hospital **] Rehab, where multiple medication changes were made, which she can not recall. . EMS arrived  and VS were 132/P, 88, RR 8, irregular, 2mm pupils and was unresponsive.  Was placed on NRB, 1mg Narcan was given and reported to be last seen at baseline 3hrs prior by wire. After a few mins, was responsive to noxious stimuli. "No obvious signs of seizure activity noted." . While at OSH ([**Hospital3 26615**]), initial VS were 96.6F 150/p 12 88 100% NRB and HR varied 80-140s.  He was noted to have pinpoint pupils and given a total of 4 mg of Narcan without effect, followed by intubation for airway protection in setting of unresponsiveness to vocal or noxious stimuli purposefully, but only with h/n movements.  CT head was negative for ICH, with nl electrolytes, troponins, WBC of 7K and HCT of 46, INR 3.1, Ca [**34**].8, Trop < 0.03, .  Utox was positive for opiates/methadone (on methadone/vicod) and benzodiazepines (valium), UA postive for Nitrites.  ECG was SR w/ Twf in III and IVCD. . On arrival to the ED at [**Hospital1 18**], VS were "Afebrile," 65 20 106/66 100% on 450/16/40%/5.  Per neurology c/s, bedside EEG was obtained (read pending) who were concerned re: sz from baclofen toxicity.  Anesthesia interrogated the baclofen pump working appropriately and also obtained history of intermittent benzodiazepine use, gabapentin use. Patient's ECG was SR, CXR w/o acute process.  Laboratory values were notable for ABG of 7.51/48/84/40, with Chem 7 notable for Cl 97 and HCO3 of 39 and Na 142 with Cr 0.5.  WBC 10K w/ HCT of 46% and MCV of 103, PT 37.3, PTT: 65.7, INR: 3.6.  He received a 1g Vancomycin, and 1g of CFTX.  Was maintained on midazolam gtt. . On transfer, VS were 65 108/65 24 100% on 450/16/40%/5 and is intermittently responding to verbal commands (do you have pain?). . On arrival to the MICU, patient's VS were wnl.  Patient opened eyes and followed simple 2 step commands. . Per d/w Dr.[**Last Name (STitle) **], no recent changes to baclofen pump, 8wks ago, increased by 15% w/o effect (~ 1000mcg daily), last month also had a myelogram that showed normal function for the pump but tone has increased significantly over the past [**1-23**] year. .
50 year old female presents to the ED with severe RLE and R. back pain. She was in her usual state of health until about 2-3 weeks ago when she was admitted to [**Hospital **] Hospital with shortness of breath and diagnosed with a RLE DVT and PE. She was started on heparin ggt, however she developed a rectus sheath hematoma, so this was stopped and an IVC filter was placed. She was discharged home around [**11-7**] and had been well until 3 days ago when she developed acute onset of R. lower back pain and right groin pain. This progressed over the past 3 days until she came to the ED.
66yoM with significant CAD s/p CABG ([**2125**]), DES to SVG-D1/OM x2 ([**2135**], [**2138**]) who presents with chest pain.The patient has a significant cardiac history with CABG (LIMA-LAD, SVG-D1/OM, SVT-PDA) and DES to ostial SVG-D1/OM, proximal SVG-D1/OM, PCI with DES to ostial SVG-D1/OM and DES to proximal SVG-D1/OM.  He has been on Plavix 75 mg daily and full dose Aspirin.  However, on Tuesday, 10 days prior to presentation, the patient underwent a lithotripsy for kidney stones with placement of a ureteral stent and foley bag and his Plavix was held.  He is currently 10 days off Plavix with his cardiologist and urologist both aware. . The patient reports his current symptoms began this morning when he developed sudden onset, dull, substernal chest pain while walking at a leisurely pace at an automobile dealership.  The pain was associated with diaphoresis, and subsequently developed nausea while being transported to the [**Hospital1 18**] ED.  His symptoms were noted to be different than his prior anginal symptoms of epigastric pain.  He presented to a fire station where they gave him full dose aspirin and transported him to the [**Hospital1 18**] ED.  The patient reports he began developing radiating left arm pain and precordial pain when he reached the ED. Cardiology was consulted and recommended Heparin gtt, Plavix load, and Nitro gtt titrated to pain. Cardiac surgery was consulted for evaluation of coronary artery revascularization.
(History mostly obtained from ED and patient nodding or shaking head as CPAP mask makes talking difficult). This is a 76 year old man with multiple medical problems including chronic systolic CHF, interstitial lung disease, COPD (baseline 2L NC at night), CKD, and PVD presenting with sudden onset of SOB 7am this morning and bloody, frothy sputum. Patient reports feeling well yesterday and rather acute development of this this AM. He denies any fevers or chills prior to arriving in the ED. He denies any other localizing symptoms of infection likey dysuria, diarrhea, or abdominal pain. He [**First Name3 (LF) 653**] EMS for his dyspnea and was put on 100% NRB oxygen and brought to the ED. In the ED, initial vs were: T 100.4 (102 rectal), P 80, BP 165/71, RR 34, O2 96% on NRB. He was started on CPAP with improvement in his O2 sats and in his work of breathing. Given his relatively high blood pressures and concern of some element of flash pulmonary edema, he was started on a NTG drip, but then developed hypotension with SBP's in the 70's to 80's, which failed to improve with discontinuation of the NTG. Therefore, he was started on peripheral dopamine before having a femoral line placed at which point he was transitioned to norepinephrine for presumed pneumosepsis and hypotension (lactate was 3.8). CXR showed bilateral multifocal infiltrates so he received ceftriaxone/vancomycin/azithromycin empirically. Vitals prior to transfer were P 68, BP 90/34 (up from 70's off pressors), RR 22, 100% on 5 of CPAP. In the MICU, the patient reported feeling better and was able to nod or shake his head to answer questions. Still using accessory muscles to breathe. He was asking for CPAP to be removed. ROS:(limited due to needing to communicate w/ guestures) (+) Per HPI (-) Denied fever, chills, night sweats. Denied headache. Denied chest pain, chest pressure, palpitations, or weakness. Denies nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, abdominal pain, or changes in bowel habits. Denied dysuria, increased frequency, and increased urgency. Denies arthralgias or myalgias. Denies rashes or skin changes. Denied increased lower extremity edema.
Mrs. [**Known lastname 25006**] is a 72 year old female with a history of stage IIIA carcinosarcoma of the uterus, stage I mucinous carcinoma of the ovary, rheumatoid arthritis and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with aortic stenosis who presents with hypotension.  The patient states that she has had SBP in the upper 80s to 90s for the past month.  Yesterday, her VNA noted that she was hypotensive into the 80s and the patient felt lightheaded.  She went to the [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **].  At the OSH ED she had erythema noted around her ankles bilaterally and low grade temps, but no leukocytosis. She was found to be in acute renal failure with a creatinine of 2.2.  In the ED she received IVFs at 1/2 NS at 100 cc/hr with blood pressures improving to the 90s (which is her baseline); she was mentating well.  She was empirically covered with Zosyn. Her CXR was clear, however she was mildly hypoxemic after receiving IVF for her hypotension.  Normally, she does not have an oxygen requirement and is 96 - 97% on room air, however she was noted to be 88-89%, with ABG showing: 7.39/39/57/24 on room air.  V/Q scan and LENIs were obtained given hypoxia and were negative. Zosyn was stopped and she was started on cefepime and vancomycin. Serial troponins were also negative.  BNP 371.  This evening she was receiving 1/2NS at 100 cc/hr prior to transfer. . On arrival to the ICU the patient was comfortable and denied any shortness of breath.  She has had increasing bilateral lower extremity edema for the past two months.  She believes the redness in her legs came on suddenly yesterday, but does recall having similar redness in her legs toward the end of her chemotherapy several years ago. .
62 year old male with chief complaint of shortness of breath, increased leg swelling for the last several weeks as well as diarrhea and abdominal pain. He has had dyspnea on exertion and orthopnea for 2.5 months and increasing lower extremities edema x3 weeks. No previous history of LE edema. He was previously on HCTZ 25mg daily but this was stopped ~2.5 months ago because his physician felt he was getting dehydrated. . He also has chronic abdominal pain and diarrhea as well as a 60 lbs weight loss. In [**Month (only) **] he was diagnosed with Crohn's disease (had a colonoscopy in [**Location (un) 7349**]). He has also had multiple anal abscess that need to be drained. . In the ED his initial VS were: T 98.7 P 100 BP 120/74 R O2 sat 86/ra. He was briefly hypoxic to the 80s. He was also noted to have diffuse abdominal tenderness. A CT was performed given his past history of abdominal abscesses which was negative for any acute infection, however a CXR showed . He was given 40mg IV lasix and put out ~1.5L with some improvement in his oxygenation. He was also given 750mg Levoquin and 500mg Flagyl with concern for an aspiration PNA followed by a 1gm of CTX. Given his overall degree of hypoxia he was admitted to the ICU for further management. At the time of transfer he was breathing 95% on a venti face mask. . On arrival in the ICU he was in mild respiratory distress, otherwise hemodynamically stable, and alert and oriented x3. .
*Per OSH records as patient could not provide limited history while intubated and sedated* 41 yo gentleman with h/o acromegaly and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (s/p admission at [**Hospital1 18**] from [**2144-7-11**] to [**2144-11-12**]) who was transferred from [**Hospital6 5016**] following episode of altered mental status early today that led to intubation for airway protection. Patient had a head CT performed at [**Hospital 40796**] which was reported as showing right temporal and parietal edema and small foci of hemorrhage, though the images were not sent with the patient upon transfer to [**Hospital1 18**]. According to discharge paperwork from [**Hospital3 **] today, the patient originally presented to the hospital on [**2144-12-21**] with intractable nausea and vomiting of 5 days duration. While at [**Hospital3 **], the patient had several abdominal films as well as an upper GI series which were reportedly unremarkable. Physicians were concerned that there was a central cause of nausea and attempted head imaging, which the patient initially refused. Late on night of [**2144-10-23**], patient was found to be minimally responsive with head turning to right and arms flexed to chest. As he had received nortriptyline, there was initial concern for a dystonic reaction and 50 mg IV diphenhydramine was pushed. There was no improvement in his mental status following that intervention and he was intubated for ariway protection and head CT was then performed with results as above. Transfer to [**Hospital1 18**] was requested given patient's decline in mental status requiring intubation. Of note, patient was recently admitted to [**Hospital6 5016**] on [**12-14**] with hypercalcemia and a pseudomonas infection of stage IV pressure ulcer. He completed antibiotic course of ceftazidime, daptomycin, and azithromycin. Unknown level of ambulation immediately prior to presentation to [**Hospital6 5016**] on [**2144-12-21**]; however, at time of discharge from [**Hospital1 18**] on [**2144-11-12**], he could stand and walk about 10 feet. A recent neurology note from [**2144-12-4**] assessed his IP strength as being 1 on the right and 0 on the left. He was assessed as having "residual severe paraparesis due to combination of deconditioning and vincristine toxic polyneuropathy, and question of critical illness polyneuropathy/myopathy."
34 year old female with asthma, GERD, post nasal drip, seizure disorder and a history of congenital right lung hypoplasia [**1-30**] tracheal-bronchial atresia and subglottic stenosis with history of recurrent pneumonia, s/p tracheostomy in [**2100**], s/p unsuccessful intrabronchial stent placement in [**2101-12-29**]. She has been lost to follow up with us since [**2101**]. In the mean time she was being seen by Dr [**Last Name (STitle) 12517**] [**Name (STitle) 16991**] at the Mass eye and ENT infirmary. Since [**2101**] she had three tracheostomy tube changed with laser ablation of the subglottic lesion. She had the tracheostomy tube removed between [**2104**] and [**2105**] and has also weaned off the oxygen. Over the last three months she has been progressively more short of breath with worsening stridor. She has had three pneumonia over the last year, never needing admission to hospital. Treated with Solu-Medrol and antibiotics including a antifungal. She has also developed increasing DOE- she could climb one flight of stairs, now she has to go very slow. The voice is more horse, and noisy. She finds herself tired and fatigued. Cough is productive of brown phlegm. She underwent a scheduled rigid brochoscopy with balloon dilation to her tracheal stenosis. Subsequently, she had difficulty after extubation in the PACU. She develop stridor and became agitated. She appear hypoxic and she was re-intubated, which was proven to be difficult. She transciently became bradycardic for <30 seconds, which improved with bag-mouth ventalation. She recieved dexamethasone 5mg x 1 dose post-op. Bronchoscopy was performed after re-intubation and no obvious source of stridor was found. She is now being transfer to the TSICU for further management. On arrival to the T-SICU, initial VS were: 99 112 118/52 20 on CMV Tv: 350 by 20 5 over 5 with FIO2 of 100%.
64 year old female with history of PUD, Crohn's, CAD s/p stent, CHF, RA and recent admission to MICU for hypotension and acute renal failure who presented to clinic yesterday for follow up complaining of right knee pain which had worsened over the past two days. Knee was not hot or erythematous and plan was for ortho follow up within the next 1-2 days. Pt also reported myalgias and fatigue. Creatinine was checked as follow up from d/c. Labs checked noted Cr 3.8 (from 1.4 on [**5-10**]), HCO3 18, Hct 33, WBC 14.2, K 5.3. Of note, pt was recently admitted for c/o R.leg heaviness, ?slurred speech on [**5-7**]. Code stroke was called and imaging showed "small infarct in L.IC of uncertain chronicity. However, this was not thought to be due to acute infarct. Mild ath dx in prox left ICA. Renal failure resolved with hydration. Hypotension resolved by holding anti-hypertensives. Pt also presented with R.sided back/leg pain which was attributed to radiculopathy. In ED, patient complaining of on-off substernal chest pain since yesterday evening. Also diffuse myalgias. T was found to be 102.3 rectally. Lactate WNL. CT abd, central access obtained. T 102.3 Rectal. Pt given doses of vanc/zosyn/flagyl. Ortho tapped R.knee and JFA was c/w septic joint. Pt found to be hypotensive, given 3L IVF and started on levophed.
Mr. [**Known lastname **] is a 67-year-old man with trasnufsion dependent myelodysplastic disorder, normal pressure hydrocephalus, DM, CAD, HTN who is electively admitted for Allo SCT. . He was last seen in clinic [**5-30**] w Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 410**] for preadmission testing prior to planned admission today for a non-myeloablative matched unrelated donor transplant for his MDS that is associated with pancytopenia and transfusion dependence of both red cells and platelets. Last transfusion [**5-28**]. Due to multiple transfusions, he has develoepd Fe overload, and has been on chelation therapy with deferasirox. He is admitted for protocol driven reduced intensity MUD allo. The conditioning is to inlcude clofarabine, total nodal radiation and ATG. The donor match is 9/10 per Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] progress note. . Per Dr.[**Name (NI) 3588**] clinic evaluation on [**5-23**] this pt has an absolute neutropenia. [**10/2164**] he was admitted to the ICU with CAP/neutropenic fevers based upon chest imaging findings and ROS. He was treated with vancomycin, cefepime and ciprofloxacin, no pathogen was isolated. During that hospitalization, he was diagnosed with HSV 1 outbreak on his neck (no lesions in his mouth or periorally), and was also diagnosed with insulin dependent DM-2. . On the floor, he complains of ongoing seasonal allergies with dry dcough and watery eyes. Cough is non-productive. He has not noted any fevers at home. Denies dyspnea on exertion, shortness of breath, PND, or orthopnea. He has no sore throat or ear pain. He has had one episode of diarrhea in the last day which is typical following Exgade.
Ms [**Known lastname 101562**] is a 64 year old woman with multiple medical problems who was referred to our clinic for a pericardial window. She was being evaluated by ENT (Dr [**Last Name (STitle) **] this spring for excision of leukoplakia of the vocal cords when a moderate pericardial effusion was discovered on pre-operative testing. Her ENT procedure was postponed pending management of the effusion. Of note, she is a poor historian and is unsure of her medical issues or surgical plans. She had a pericardiocentesis performed six months ago which drained 1L. She denies prior thoracic or major abdominal surgery. She was recently placed on coumadin for A-fib, she has held that for 2 days. Last INR available was 2.6 on [**2115-2-27**], then rechecked at 1.2 on [**2115-5-15**].
This is a 52 year old man with schizophrenia, HTN, and G6PD deficiency presenting with 2-3 days of increasing intermittent abdominal pain. Reportedly was having diarrhea at Group Home, though pt states he has not had bowel movement in 4 days, no hematochezia. He states that abdominal pain comes on suddenly, [**9-16**] and sharp in quality, when he drinks fluids, lasts for a few seconds and self-resolves. Has not been able to eat in the last 2-3 days due to decreased appetite. No fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting or diarrhea. Lives at group home. . In the ED, initial vs were: 97.8 73 114/69 16 95% on ?RA. Vitals stable at triage but became increasingly unresponsive, responding to painful stimuli. Pupils 2mm, minimally reactive. Patient was given 0.4 narcan, and appeared to transiently be a little more alert, though he appeared to sometimes respond to sternal rub even without narcan for 30-60 seconds. He received a total of 2mg narcan in the ED. FAST ultrasound showed small ascites, pericardial effusion, but no signs of tamponade. CT abdomen showed moderate ascites, pericardial effusion, diffuse bowel wall edema. Guaiac negative. EKG similar to prior. Also received potassium repletion in ED for K of 2.8. Serum tox negative. Vitals on floor prior to transfer are as follows: T 98 HR 64 BP 139/80 RR 16 O2sat 100%2L NC. . On the floor, patient is alert and oriented, responsive to questioning. He feels hungry and would like to try eating food. He denies current abdominal pain. .
81 year old female hx of Afib on coumadin, diverticulosis, and myasthenia [**Last Name (un) 2902**] presented to PCP [**Name Initial (PRE) 151**] 2 d BRBPR.  Per her report she was reccently started on a new medication for her MG (mestinon 30 mg QID) earlier in the week.  The week prior to her presentation her INR had been at goal of 2.0, she then noticed blood in her stool and red blood on the paper towel.  The next morning she was continuing to have blood on the toilet paper and noticed the toilet water was red tinged.  She called her PCP who checked an INR which was elevated to 8.0.  She went to [**Hospital3 635**] hospital where crit was 29.0 and INR was 6.1. She was given 2 U FFP, 5 of Vitamin K PO and transferred to [**Hospital1 18**]. . In the ED, initial VS were:  94 in sinus, 166/68, 20, 97% 3LNC Hematocrit was 24.0 and INR 2.5 . She got a CXR, was type and screened and cross matched for 2 units.  Guiaic showed flecks of BRB, no active bleeding.  GI was consulted who said they will evaluate her in the morning.  Did go into Afib with RVR to the 160s before being transferred to ICU and was transfused 2 units of pRBCs. . On arrival to the MICU, patient's VS: 98.1, 184 afib, 154/80, 98% 4L NC.  She was intially given 5 mg IV lopressor with immediate conversion to sinus rhythm.
Mr. [**Known lastname 7086**] is a 50 year old man with HIV on HAART (CD4 count of 589 [**2104-9-24**]) and CAD who presented to the ED with nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, weakness, fevers, chills, pruritis and abdominal pain. Patient had a dental visit today and took antibiotic prophylaxis (amoxicillin). Shortly after, he developed symptoms of nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, fever, chills. In the ED his initial temperature was 98.7 with HR of 102, BP 91/61, O2 sat 97% RA. Abdominal CT showed no diverticulitis or appendicitis. While in the ED he developed a temperature of 102.2 with HR of 110, BP 84/47, O2 sat 100%. Lactate was 4.9. Patient received ceftriaxone 2 gm, vancomycin and flagyl. After 4 liters of normal saline his BP was 86/63, temp 100.4, HR 107. He had several episodes of watery diarrhea. LP was performed which showed no signs of infection. He was started on the sepsis protocol and received a total of 6L of NS with 1000 cc of urine output. Patient was started on levophed and it was titrated to 0.05 mcg/kg/min for a bp of 90/42 with a MAP 59. CVP was 9, SVO2 83%. In the ICU, he initially required pressors to maintain his blood pressure but his hemodynamics quickly stabilized so that he did not require pressors or IV fluids.  On [**10-19**] he was afebrile with stable vitals on po levofloxacin and he was transferred to the medical floor.  On transfer he endorsed continued fatigue and nausea but felt subjectively much better and specifically denied fevers, chills, sweats, chest pain, dyspnea, abdominal pain, or dysuria.
This is a 45 yo P0 who presented following discovery of disgerminoma of the right ovary.  Dr. [**Known lastname **] was in her usual state of good health until [**2159-6-12**].  She presented at that time to [**Hospital 1559**] Medical Center with acute severe abdominopelvic pain.  She was found to have a torsion of the right ovary and underwent an emergent exploratory laparotomy, right salpingo-oophorectomy.  Final pathology revealed a 15 cm serous cystadenoma of the ovary with a 1 cm disgerminoma of the ovary focussed within the center.  She had this surgery through [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 22790**] incision and has healed well from that surgery. Pathology has been read here at [**Hospital1 188**].  The disgerminoma is identified as well as the serous cyst.  The report was that the ovary was intact without surface involvement.  The serous cyst was separate.  The patient has had laboratory evaluations performed postoperatively and these include an LDH level which is normal, an inhibin level which evidently was normal, hCG level normal.  She had normal liver function tests and blood counts as well.  She has been advised after an evaluation at the [**Hospital 1559**] Medical Center to undergo a staging laparotomy including hysterectomy, left
50 yo M Spanish speaking quadraplegic male with h/o ALS related muscle weakness and worsening respiratory failure s/p multiple hospital admissions for worsening weakness and FTT who presents from home w/ continued chronic complaints of weakness, difficulty eating, and intermittent shortness of breath. He denies any new complaints in the last 5 months. He has had intermittent SOB and intermittent O2 requirement at home. He has had continued problems with eating.  Food gets stuck in his throat when eating. He also complains of intermittent nausea. He is wheelchair bound at home. He was last admitted [**Date range (3) 50217**] for FTT, nausea and decreased po intake. At that time, neurology recommended hospice care because of frequent admissions for failure to thrive. It was also recommended that he have acute rehab placement rather than a discharge home as it seemed he needed more help at home. However patient refused and was discharged home with VNS. . In ED, was febrile to 101. CXR and U/A were unremarkable. Blood cultures were drawn. Given total of 3L NS in ED. He states he has not received any of his medications today. On the floor, he is comfortable and smiling. He denies and chest pain, abdominal pain, vomiting, dysuria, changes in his stools, fever, chills.
47F with asthma/COPD, atopic dermatitis, HTN on ACEI, GERD who comes with facial swelling. She was in her prior state of health until yesterday afternoon when she started noticing mild facial swelling. She went to bed and was doing fine, but when she woke up at the normal time she noticed worsening of her lip swelling to the point she was unable to open her mouth. She denies any wheezing, stridor, shortness of breath and states that has been on Lisinopril 20 mg for long time. She denies fever, chills, changes in her voice, drooling, neck pain, hoarseness or any other upper airway symptoms. . Of note, patient was recently admitted for abdominal pain and negative work up including CT abdomen, right upper quadrant ultrasound, and HIDA scan were all performed and within normal limits. Diet was advanced without difficulty, and patient was placed on aggressive bowel regimen with daily bowel movement. She was discharged home 3 days ago. . In the ER her initial VS were T 97.4 F, HR 58 BPM, BP 126/79 mmHg, RR 16 X', SpO2 100% on RA. She was breathing comfortably, but there was a lot of difficulty examining her mouth. ENT and anesthesia were called to assess patient. ENT tried scoping her to assess for vocal cord swelling, but she did not tolerate procedure secondarely to anxiety and dyscomfort. ER tried giving 5 mg of midazolam and re-doing procedure, but patient was still unable to tolerate it. Then, given patient's breathing being stable ENT decided to preoceed with medications only and observation for 1 hour in the ER. Pt received 125 mg of IV solumedrol, 20 mg of IV famotidine, 25 mg of IV diphenydramine and epipen x2 (its unclear if first one went in, so [**Name (NI) **] repeated the dose). She was stable for 1 hour and then is admitted to the ICU for monitoring. She is has a tough access and ER could only get a small IV in R forearm (that is why they gave epineprhine IM).
56M s/p open RNY gastric bypass (without cholecystectomy) in [**2152-4-9**] and 150 pound weight loss presents with abdominal distension and RUQ pain x 12 hours.  The pain was acute in onset at 2AM on [**1-1**], severe ([**10-19**] out of 10), sharp, and was associated with back pain. Pain was worse when drinking shakes this morning. Patient also endorsed lightheadedness, chills, and nausea without vomiting starting at 11AM. He denies fevers, constipation, diarrhea; he has been passing flatus.
75 year old gentleman with a PMH significant for HCV cirrhosis c/b HCC s/p lobe resection in [**2156**], POD 12 from craniotomy for SDH now admitted to the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] for fever, rash, and hypotension. The patient was noted at rehab to be febrile to 103 today, and was also complaining of a "total body itchiness" and was noted both at rehab and by the ED attending to have trunk and arm erythema.  He was started on keflex yesterday for possible superficial phlebitis at an old PIV site, and denies any localizing symptoms including HA, menigismus, cough, shortness of breath, dysuria, n/v/d. . Of note, the patient was admitted to [**Hospital1 18**] under the Neurosurgical service from [**Date range (1) 30844**] after a fall with bilateral SDH, and underwent right craniotomy on [**11-5**], and ultimately was discharged to rehab on dilantin for seizure prophylaxis.  In addition, he was started on keflex the day prior to admission for question of cellulitis on his left forearm at the location of a prior PIV site. . In the [**Hospital1 18**] ED, initial VS 99 68 78/60 18 94%RA.  The patient had a negative CXR and UA, an I+/- CTH that was read as unchanged from most recent post-operative study, and Neurosurgery was consulted with low suspicion for CNS infection. The patient received 10 mg IV dexamethasone, 5 L IVF, vancomycin, and levofloxacin, and was admitted to the [**Hospital Unit Name 153**] for further management. . Currently, the patient is resting comfortably without complaints. Continues to deny any CP/SOB, f/c/s, n/v/d, abd pain, HA, palpitations, dysuria.
This is a 52 year old gentlemanwith end-stage renal disease secondary to poly-cystic kidney disease.  He has been on Hemodialysis for the past five years via a left AV graft.  He presents now for a cadaveric renal transplant.
This is a 61 year-old female with a history of EtOH abuse, cholelithiasis s/p cholecystectomy, who presents from an OSH with likely acute pancreatitis. . Pt was initially admitted to the OSH [**Date range (1) 29693**] for two episodes of epigastric pain and abnormal LFTs (AST 466 ALT 268). US and MRCP were reportedly normal. She was discharged with diagnosis of alcoholic hepatitis. That evening, pt called her GI doctor complaining of severe abdominal pain, n/v, tremulousness. She presented to the ED and was re-admitted. She was noted to be jaundiced, groggy, with a protuberant abdomen. WBC was 13.8, K 2.8, Bili 7.7, AST 324, ALT 370, alk phos 251, lipast 4877. Tox screen and EtOH levels were negative. Her abdomen became distended, tense, very tender, with no bowel sounds. She was transferred to the ICU for closer monitoring. She was treated with IVF and aggressive pain control with dilaudid 1mg IV q3. Additionally she was sedated on precedex and an ativan drip at 4mg/h. Pt was intubated for airway protection on the morning of [**10-14**]. CT of the abdomen revealed enlarged indistinct pancreas, extensive peripancreatic fluid consistent with severe pancreatitis and pancreatic necrosis, no loculated or drainable fluid collections or evidence of perforation. Also noted were small bilateral pleural effusions and moderate amount of free fluid in the deep pelvis. .
The patient is a 39-year-oldfemale with a history of [**Location (un) 2174**] ataxia and cardiomyopathy with ejection fraction of 35 percent and diastolic dysfunction with negative catheterization, atrial fibrillation on Coumadin, and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, who was in her usual state of health until 2-3 weeks prior to admission she had episodes of nausea and vomiting.  The patient also noted paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea and orthopnea with a 30-pound weight gain and decreased urine output.  She was noted to have an INR of 19.5 on admission.  She was given vitamin K and admitted to the Fennard Intensive Care Unit for concern for gastrointestinal bleed.  The patient was also found to have nephrotic range proteinuria and elevated LFTs.  Echocardiogram revealed depression in her ejection fraction to 20 percent.  GI Service was consulted and it suspected that her increasing liver function tests were secondary to ischemic liver injury with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation and hypertension.  The Renal Service was consulted and felt her creatinine increase and proteinuria may be secondary to underlying diabetic nephropathy with severe right-sided heart failure.  She was initially started on Lasix for her uncompensated congestive heart failure, but her creatinine rose, so she was transferred to the [**Hospital Ward Name 517**] to initiate nesiritide treatment. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Temperature 98.6, heart rate 66-78, blood pressure 125-130/82-91, respirations 20, she is saturating 100 percent on 2 liters nasal cannula.  Generally,
76 yo M w/ h/o DM, HTN, hypercholesterolemia, NSCLC s/p resection, progressive on multiple chemo regimen, presents to the ED with 3 days of worsening N/V/D, found to be fevebrile, hypotensive, hypoxemic. On [**6-8**] c1w2 of taxotere (3wks on 1wk off). Tolerated well until 3 days ago when he developed non-bloody diarrhea after he went out to eat at a restaurant. He called the fellow on call and was given imodium which he [**Last Name (un) **] w/o significant relief. Today, pt's wife called to inform Heme/Onc fellow that Mr. [**Known lastname **] is having n/v, and now unable to keep down PO fluids. He also c/o chills. Pt was referred to ED for further evaluation. He reports 4 episodes of non-bilious non-bloody vomiting today. He denies abdominal pain. + chills . In the ED, initial VS T 102.1, HR 102; BP 133/52; RR 20; 93% RA. He then became hypoxic to 88% (baseline 92%) and hypotensive with systolic BP in upper 80's/low 90's, blood gas concerning with 7.37/34/63. Lactate 1.2. Labs remarkable for K 5.6, pt was given kayexalate. WBC 3.9 (46% neutrophils), Hct 35.6 (down from 40.2 in [**4-1**]). U/A negative, BCx and UCx sent. CXR with interval progression of NSCLC in the right upper and left lower lobes with larger more dense masses. Otherwise, relatively stable. The patient was given Cefepime 2 gm IV once, Zofran, Tylenol, kayexalate, and given total of 5L NS. . The patient currently is asymptomatic. Denies any trouble breathing. Denies LH or dizziness. Reports normal urine output at home.
Mr. [**Known lastname 111746**] is a 78 year old gentleman with history significant for hypertension who presented to [**Hospital6 33**] on [**6-16**] with abdominal distension, some lower abdominal pain, and blood per rectum.  He says the blood has been alternately dark black and bright red, but that the BRBPR has slowed significantly and he has not had any bowel movements all day today.  His abdominal distension is much better and he is passing gas from below, but his lower abdominal pain is unchanged.  He had a CT scan at [**Hospital1 34**] which revealed diverticular disease, gastrohepatic lymph nodes, and subcentimeter hepatic cysts, as well as gastric distension and moderate splenomegaly. He then had an EGD which demonstrated a mass at the GE junction that was actively bleeding.  His hematocrit was 50 on presentation, then drifted down to 27 last night.  After a unit of blood his repeat hematocrit was 26, at which point he received two more units of blood.  His Hct is now 30.
The pt is a 50 year-old right-handed man with a recent history of HSV encephalitis who presents with worsening speech difficulties and decreased movement of the right arm.  He was initially diagnosed with HSV 1 meningitis on [**2190-4-23**].  He presented after he was in an accident while driving from RI to VT, rented a second car, and was in a second accident, at which point he was brought to an outside hospital and eventually diagnosed with HSV meningitis.  He was started on a course of IV acyclovir, and discharged to [**Hospital 38**] rehab.  His rehab course was complicated by a lower extremity DVT, for which he was started on Coumadin, however on [**5-15**] there was concern that the clot was mobile, and on [**2190-5-16**] he had an IVC filter placed. Around this time he became febrile to 102.6, and on [**5-18**] was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for fever and worsening confusion.  He was admitted from [**Date range (1) 66375**], during which time he underwent a repeat LP, which showed 56 WBCs and a protein of 83, but was HSV negative.  He had blood and urine cultures that were also negative.  His fevers resolved with restarting acyclovir, though his mental status continued to fluctuate, and he was sent back to rehab on [**5-21**].  His sister continued to visit him, and reports that even as recently as two days ago he was actually starting to improve.  At his best he was reported to be communicative, with a slightly strange affect, and mild short term memory and executive function impairment.  However, on [**5-26**] he was noted to be very unsteady with PT, and was found to be orthostatic as low of SBP of 60 when standing, and it was recommended that he start both fludrocortisone and midodrine.  On [**5-27**] the patient was noted to be forcibly keeping his right eye closed, and also was felt to be more apraxic with worsening coordination.  He was also felt to not be moving his right arm as frequently.  For all of this he was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further evaluation.
83y/o male with hx of recal cell carcinoma presented with abdominal pain over the past one month. The pain located at the left side of umbilicus, almost as band like distribution. The pain was also sensed as dull, uncomfortable feeling. Besides this pain, he did not have any other symptoms such as weakness, numbness, difficulty in ambulation, urination, stooling. Last weekend, he felt the symptom did not imporved and visited OSH ED. There he was obtained CT scan and eventually follow up MRI, and found to have T9 mass lesion. He was referred to [**Hospital1 18**] for further evaluation. ROS: No headache, fever, trauma hx, urinary/bowel incontinence.
51 year old female h/o metastatic melanoma s/p ICH and placement of VP shunt presented [**1-24**] with fever and rash. On [**1-2**] patient had left hemiplegia and HA, was diagnosed with ICH from metastatic melanoma.  Underwent emergent craniotomy for evacuation of bleed and tumor rescetion, she was also started on dilantin for seizure prophylaxis. She then developed hydrocephalus and had VP shunt placed on [**1-6**] and repeat VP shunt operation on [**1-14**] secondary to her failure at clamping trials. Prior to discharge she was noted to be febrile to 103 on [**11-13**] temp spiked to 101.5 with a productive cough, influenza was negative so she was discharged on levofloxacin, completed course [**1-21**]. Three sets of blood cultures and urine culture negative.  She also developed a diffuse morbiliform eruption rash after dilantin was started.  However, Dilantin was continued since the benefits of sizure prophylaxis outweighed risks of continuing medicaitons.  After discharge her fever resolved but the rash did not.  She used Sarna lotion and benadryl at home, but noted spread of the rash from truck outwards to extremities, sparing face palms and soles. . On day of admission ([**1-23**]) she developed a high fever with chills and was brought to [**Hospital3 3583**], and was then transfered here for further care.  Upon arrival to the ED the patient recieved 125 mg Solumedrol, 50 mg IV Benadryl, 1 gram tylenol, Motrin 800 mg and 4 liters of normal saline. Her fever initially was >104.8 rectally (107 temporal) but trended down to 99.1.  Got CXR, cultures, urine and shunt tapped.  ID was consulted who recommended holding on Abx given lack of source, did not feel that VP fluid cell count was indicative of shunt infection, more likely blood.  Dermatology was also consulted.
63F w/ recurrent stage IIIC papillary serous ovarian CA on cycle 8 day 14 of carboplatin, gemcitabine, bevacizumab (avastin), complicated by ureter obstruction requiring left ureteral stent and right nephrostomy tube. She had a week of SOB PTA but on [**6-16**] had acute onset of SOB when at home, with fever, without cough, and no abd pain, no dysuria. Oncologic course has been complicated by b/l hydronephrosis thought to be [**3-8**] malignancy, as well as utereral obstructions requiring right nephrostomy tube. In the ED, initial VS were:  101 108 158/67 24 100% 2L (highest temp was 102.3). EKG showed ST 106 incomplete RB on previous, incomplete L bundle.  CTA was deferred due to elevated Cr. Non-con belly scan was ordered and bedside u/s showed normal fast, no pericardial effusion, no right heart strain, mild left hydronephrosis, normal right kidney. She was started on Vanc/Cefepime and given APAP. Urine from nephrostomy was cloudy; Foley'd urine was the second drawn. Heparin gtt was commenced for suspected PE. She had an elevated pro-BNP but normal trop, and no right axis deviation on ECG or on u/s: was not a candidate for TPA. On arrival to the MICU, she does not c/o any pain, but is still feeling SOB, better when supine as opposed to sitting up.  She denies CP, HA, abdom pain, pain upon deep inspiration, pain in calves/thighs. Adds that on day of admission, she felt more SOB fairly abruptly while sitting outside; at baseline, has no h/o heart problems or SOB when walking. She still urinates and also has UOP through the nephrostomy tube; is maintaining PO intake and says she still made urine at home today.
49 year old female with history of cervical cancer status post multiple (?26) abdominal surgeries for TAH/BSO and complications resulting in colostomy and urostomy presented to OSH on [**2133-9-17**] with one day of abdominal pain and vomiting. Per OSH report, also experienced chills, fevers, and decreased colostomy output. Noted to have WBC count 13.5. Abdominal CT was consistent with obstruction. In OSH received NS 1L, cipro IV, and narcotics for pain control. Received Narcan and was intubated "due to airway concern" - overdose on narcotic analgesics; ABG 7.20/73/77 on NC 4 LPM, anion gap 17. Also had R subclavian, NG tube placed. . In the [**Hospital1 18**] ED, T 98.4, HR 126, BP 137/100, RR 14, 99% on AC ventilation. Received propofol gtt, flagyl 500mg IV x1, and morphine 4mg IV.
Ms. [**Known lastname 9164**] is a 76 year-old female with a complicated PMHx that includes CAD s/p Lcx stenting, DM type 2, s/p dual pacemaker placement for bradycardia, atrial fibrillation on chronic Coumadin therapy, with severe PVD s/p multiple stents, angioplasties and atherectomies, with claudication symptoms. She recently developed a RLE ulcer, and was referred for RLE angiography and PTCA of her right tibial anterior tibial artery. One hour after the procedure, Ms. [**Known lastname 9164**] became hypotensive with SBP down to 30s when the sheath was pulled, HR paced at 60. She also complained of severe right groin pain at the cath site. She was given Atropine X 2, IVF bolus, and transfused 2 units of PRBCs. Her HR subsequently increased to 120s, then she went into atrial fibrillation with RVR in 160s. She spontaneously converted back to NSR with HR 88. Her BP improved with the above resuscitation measures, and she was trasnferred to the CCU for further management and care. An emergent CT scan was performed on arrival to CCU, which revealed a right-sided RP bleed.
This 81-year-old lady has a 6.4 cm infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm. She had a 7 cm thoracic aneurysm which was treated with an [**First Name3 (LF) 96989**] about 3 months ago. She is now having repair of her second aneurysm
38yo man with type I DM, CKD (baseline Cr 2.2-2.6, systolic and diastolic CHF with EF 50-55%, refractory HTN and gastroparesis with recurrent admissions for gastroparesis presented to new PCP's office with recurrent nausea, vomiting, inability to take pos and chest pain radiating to his back and was sent to ED. He was last admitted 2 weeks ago with similar sx other than chest pain, and was admitted for PNA and C. Diff. He states that he has had abdominal pain and nausea/ vomiting over last week similar to previous bouts of gastroparesis. He denies missing any insulin doses and says he has been taking 10U at night, 4U in evening with sugars <200 almost always. He finished [**Last Name (un) 8692**] flagyl course, and had not had any diarrhea other than 1 episode this AM. In ED, initial vitals were significant for BP 250/140 and glucose of 700 and a anion gap of 18 when corrected for hyperglycemia. Pt. had CT without contrast to assess for dissection given chest pain radiating to his back which was negative. No leukocytosis, CXR and U/A negative, blood cx. pending. He was placed on insulin gtt and received 40mg labetalol with improvement of his BPs and resolution of his chest pain. Initially, was to be sent to ICU, however no beds available. As his sugars improved with insulin gtt and his his AG closed, he is now admitted to the floor after transitioning off insulin gtt since 3AM. He received 6U NPH 2h prior to transfer and was actually hypoglycemic necessitating D50 X 1. His ROS is significant for lack of cough. + CP, but non-exertional, with no radiation and associated with abdominal pain. No shortness of breath, orthopnea, PND, LE edema. No fevers or chills, though currently feels cold.
63F with ETOH Cirrhosis s/p OLT [**2125-9-13**]. Discharged [**9-27**] to home with services with dobloff feeding tube. Has been doing well since then.  TF are not being cycled as she gets abdominal pain with cycling.  Her appetite she admits is not too well, however she has been maintaining her weight at home per records.  She denies f/c or diarrhea.  Labs drawn by the nurse indicate "abnormalities."  The patient recalls that her Creatinine was elevated to 1.5 (discharged with 1.3).  She does not remember any other values.  I currently do not have these most recent labs here.  Given the abnormal labs, she was instructed to return to [**Hospital1 18**] for admission.
63 year old female with a history of HCV cirrhosis and HCC, osteoporosis, ovarian cysts, active smoker for 40 years, who presented to OR for elective RFA as outpatient today and was found to be hypotensive and bradycardic after administration of sedatives for intubation.  She underwent induction for anesthesia with propofol, succ, rocuronium, fentanyl with blood pressure dropping from the systolic 90s to 60s.  HRs also subsequently dropped to 30s.  She received glycopyrolate with HRs recovering to 100s; she then received esmolol to decrease HR.  Blood pressure currently in 80s-90s prior to transport to MICU.  ECG showed ST depressions in V3-6.  Cardiology was consulted in the PACU who felt that ST depressions were likely [**1-19**] demand ischemia from hypotension.  Repeat EKGs showed resolution of ST depressions. RFA was postponed given her hypotension and bradycardia.  She received a total of 2.5L LR and neosynephrine approximately every 1/2hour for 3 doses.  She also received 1gm iv cefazolin. . On arrival to the MICU, pt reports feeling well.  Denies chest pain, SOB, palpitations, lightheadedness, headache.  States that she was in her usual state of health prior to coming in for procedure today.  Took one of her alprazolam 0.25mg last night. Has not eaten for procedure today.
Pt is a 44 yo female with PMHx of allergic fungal sinusitis, who presents from OSH with obstructed kidney stone. Pt, who has no history of stones, says that Friday [**2185-9-9**] she started to have pain on the right side. She is unable to describe it saying that it was "constant and hurt." The next day, she continued to have the pain which was worse and a [**6-30**]. She also had subjective fevers, but did not take her temperature. Yesterday, she went to OSH ED ([**Hospital3 **] Hospital). She was found to have a WBC of 22.7, 89% neutrophils. U/a was WBC >50, +LE,. A transabdominal u/s done for RUQ pain showed normal kidneys and no hydronephrosis. There was an 8.9 x 6.3 mm gallstone without evidence of pericholecystic fluid and no evidence of choledocholithiasis (free fluid in morrisons pouch). She was discharged home on levaquin. . Pt again presented to OSH ED ~3 am this am as pain was worse and she was lightheaded. Pt noted to be tachycardic to 118, hypotensive to 81/55, and temp to 99.9. CT abd/pelvis showed a 5 mm calculus in the right proximal ureter 5 cm below ureteropelvic junction with mild right hydronephrosis and right renal perinephric stranding. There was also a 1 mm non-obstructing left ureter calculus. Pt was transferred to [**Hospital1 **] this am for further management and likely IR procedure. .
Mr. [**Known lastname 71415**] is a 74M w/DM on glyburide, renal xplant in [**2105**] [**1-26**] hereditary nephritis, lymphoma 9ya s/p RCHOP, SCC scalp excised in [**2120-6-23**], afib on flecainide, MS, circumcision last week who presented to the ED w/2 days of hypoglycemia, also found to have low BP. . Mr. [**Known lastname 71415**] is not aware of why he is in the hospital.  He is able to describe frequent falls [**1-26**] MS which increased over [**Holiday **] and New Years.  He denies vertigo with the falls, but does report decreased streadiness when his blood sugars are low.  He takes his own medications and his list is extensive as below. . He presented to [**Hospital 882**] hospital yesterday with mental status changes, BG18 and hyopthermia.  His urinalysis was negative at that time and he was sent home.  He returned w/hypoglycemia and was thus transferred to BDIMC.  In our ED, his VS were 100.6 104/58  80  98RA w/next BP 86/50.  He was given 1L NS, 1/2A D50, D10 drip and levofloxacin.  At the time of transfer to the CCU under MICU service, his BP was 89/63 and FS142. . His ROS is notable for the falls, dysphagia to solid foods for years, mild dysphagia, and recent GI ilness (upper and lower) of his wife for a few weeks; he had similar symptoms for several days two weeks ago.  While he gives some detailed history, his answers to many questions are tangential and circumstantial, and in response to being asked why he is here, he describes a vacation that he took with his wife to [**Name2 (NI) **] five years ago, and her diarrheal ilness.  His PCP reports that this is baseline for him.  His wife reports that he takes all of his own medications, and does not typically make mistakes.
Ms. [**Known lastname **] is a [**Age over 90 **] yo lady with a history of COPD, CHF, alzheimer's and expressive aphasia, who presented from her nursing home to the ED in respiratory distress on [**2152-7-26**] about 1.5 hours after eating her lunch. She has had an episode of aspiration about one year ago as well as urosepsis a few months ago. In the ED, her vitals were T 98.9F, HR 130, BP 158/66, RR 40 and O2 sat of 91% on RL. A chest xray taken showed widespread coarse reticular opacities but no signs of consolidation. She was given solumedrol given her history of COPD. She was also started on IV Vancomycine and Aztreonam (due to a PCN allergy) as well as metronidazole. She was also given 1L Normal Saline for alactate of 4.7.  EKG showed sinus tachycardia. She was then admitted to the MICU for further care. In the MICU, her Aztreonam was dc'ed, and she was started on cefepime instead. She was also started on an insulin sliding scale. Her lactate returned to 1.3, and her cre and WBC trended down as well (WBC 26). Her IV fluids were tricky since any flow >75cc/hr led to hypertension with sbp int he 170's. However, she was able to tolerate small boluses of fluids. A straight cath performed also showed purulent liquid, though her urine cultures from [**2152-7-25**] were negative. After a few hours in the MICU, she was transferred to the floor.
81 yo M with DMII, CKD, HTN, h/o DVT, recent admission for altered mental status and hypoglycemia, presenting with shortness of breath, wheezing, and confusion. During the past few days, patient has had worsening shortness of breath and wheezing. Has known diagnosis of asthma. Also agitated and not taking good PO. . In the ED, initial vital signs were T 98.3 BP 122/42 HR 120 RR 26 Sat 99%/8L. Exam was notable for moaning, tachycardia, poor air movement, and bilateral wheezes. EKG unremarkable. Labs notable for elevated troponin, acute renal failure. In the ED, the patient became hypotensive, with systolics in the 60s. Given 2L NS with improvement in BP. The patient was also given vancomycin 1 gm IV, Zosyn 4.5 gm IV (despite known penicillin allergy), methylprednisolone 125 mg IV, Tylenol 650 mg PR, magnesium 2gm IV, and ASA 300 mg PR. Vital signs on transfer T 99 HR 91 BP 95/48 RR 12 97%/4L NC.
Mr. [**Known lastname 88527**] is a 46-year-old man with no significant PMH who presented on [**2172-11-20**] to an OSH with a chief complaint of hemoptysis. He reported that on [**2172-11-19**] he was woken up by coughing and coughed up about half a cup of bright red blood. He had a second episode of hemoptysis on [**2172-11-20**] and presented to OSH ED. Because the pt had several episodes of hemoptysis (and one in the ED) the pt was admitted for bronchoscopy. On [**2172-11-20**] the pt was taken for bronchoscopy which was unable to be performed due to difficulties with sedation, and a significant amount of periglottic edema. The pt was then taken to the OR for bronchoscopy under genearal anesthesia and endotracheal intubation, and during the procedure a fresh clot was visualized in the left lingula, which, when gently disturbed, produced brisk bleeding. Due to the extent of bleeding patient was left intubated and transfered to [**Hospital1 18**] for further evaluation.
The patient a 69 year old woman with a history of hypertension, diabetes, and dementia now presenting on transfer from [**Hospital3 **]Hospital with a large left temporo-parietal bleed.  The details of her history are sparse and are taken primarily from her OSH chart.  She presented originally on [**7-22**] complaining of worsened shortness of breath and generalized weakness.  A tentative diagnosis of pulmonary embolus was made and she was treated with lovenox.  She was also noted to be febrile and to have slurred speech on admission. Today, the medical staff noticed that the patient was not moving her right side and was "relatively unresponsive."  A head CT was then performed which showed a large bleed as described above. Arrangements were made to transfer her to [**Hospital1 18**] for ICU level care.
(PER MICU ADMITTING TEAM) 74F with h/o CAD, DMII, CHF (unknown EF), Afib, and COPD presenting with weakness.  As per family, patient had been well in USOH until beginning of [**Month (only) **] when she developed flu-like symptoms.  Myalgias continued for several days followed by development of n/v/diarrhea on [**12-29**].  History was characterized by almost daily diarrhea (watery, non-bloody) and vomiting after most meals (occurring 30min to 1hr, non-bloody). Only able to take small amounts of food/water.  Denies fevers/chills/rigors/abd pain.  Family describes that patient increasingly fatigued and tired.  Too weak and tired to present to PCP [**Name Initial (PRE) 3011**] -> came into ED by family. . In ED, initially triaged w/ bp 148/86, on re-check in triage found to be hypotensive 70/20 w/ HR 39.  Treated for symptomatic bradycardia [**1-24**] BB o/d -> rec'd 1amp cacl, 0.5mg atropine, [**12-24**] amp d5 (bs was 73), then 1 amp sodium bicarb and glucagon. Again rec'd atropine, cacl, and glucagon. Also 2L NS, CTX 1g x1. Uo in ED 700cc. . (PER FLOOR ADMITTING TEAM) Briefly, patient is a 74F CAD, DMII, CHF (EF 70%), COPD who was admitted to the MICU for bradycardia and hypotension. She had presented to the ED with several weeks of nausea/vomiting/diarrhea; she was found to be in acute renal failure with Cr 6.7, which was treated with IV fluid boluses; she was treated for symptomatic bradycardia with atropine, calcium gluconate, and glucagon. Bradycardia was thought to be [**1-24**] decreased clearance of nodal agents, and they were held, with improvement of bradycardia. Hypotension was attributed to dehydration, Cr improved with fluids.  Nausea/Vomiting was attributed to ARF, which improved with improved hydration, and patient was able to tolerate solid fluids evening before transfer to floor. On interview, patient reported she was feeling well and denied any complaints of difficulty breathing, abdominal pain, chest pain, or nausea/vomiting. Patient did report lethargy.
76 y/o female with h/o HTN, dyspepsia, gerd presented initially to [**Hospital1 18**] with one day of sharp respirophasic chest pain over the last day. She developed symptoms of a URI approximately one week prior to admission with cough, sore throat, and rhinorrhea/post-nasal drip. The cough was intermittently productive of a clear phlegm. She went to sleep the night before admission with continued URI sx but awoke at 2am with sharp right sided chest pain, worse with deep inspiration, radiating to her right shoulder blade and occasionally horizontally across the cest and up retrosternally. The pain occurs while ambulating and at rest (no distinct difference), is not associated with eating, but does get worse when leaning forward. She denies fevers/chills, n/v/d, dysuria/hematuria, rashes. She has chronic constipation, dyspepsia with early satiety, orthopnea and dyspnea on exertion that has been present and increasing gradually over the last six months. The patient had a stress test in the past for left sided chest pain, without ecg changes, no perfusion defects on MIBI. She called her PCP who had her get a CXR that showed a right sided pleural effusion and pleural opacities that was followed-up with a CTA that failed to demonstrate PE but did show r. pleural effusion and non-pathologic nodules. An ECG showed no significant changes from baseline. Her D-dimer was >[**2193**], wbc 13->11, and LFT's were all within normal limits. The patient recieved toradol 15mg IV for pain with moderate effect. Pt had CT that showed exudative right pleural effusion with negativ ecytology.  She was also scheduled for VATS given multiple pleural based nodules.  She also developed fever to 101.7, tachycardia, new wheezing and was thought to have pna with component of RAD/COPD.  Given this new wheeze, she was started on solumedrol and [**Name (NI) 110238**] (pt without history of RAD).  Pt developed hypercarbic respiratory failure, initially responded to nebs but then began to have decreased air movement despite receiving racemic epi.  Pt was then transferred to MICU for mgt/observation of airway.  Pt was seen by ENT in MICU who did not visualize any anatomic obstruction.  Pt put on facemask bipap on admission to MICU.
85F with hx of COPD, CHF, esophageal ulcer, and significant restless leg syndrome transferred from OSH for further management of abdominal pain and fevers concerning for acute cholecytitis c/b sepsis. Patient was in her USOH until Sunday evening when she developed abdominal pain, non-bloody vomiting, and nausea. She describes the pain as sharp and crampy with severity ranging from [**2121-4-26**] pain with inability to take PO's since Sunday afternoon. She denies sick contacts at her nursing home but does state that there's been a stomach bug going around. She presented to [**Hospital6 19155**] earlier today where her initial VS were 98.2, 92, 179/92, 24, 92%RA. Labs notable for WBC of 21.3K, 83 segs, 0 bands, K of 3.3, Cr 0.9, Dig < 0.04, lactate 2.9, LFT's and lipase wnl's, UA with 3+ bacteria, [**2-22**] wbc's, rare epis. She rec'd K repletion with 40meq, 1L NS, duoneb x 1, zosyn 3.25g x 1, atarax, and underwent CT abd/pelv (report not in chart) which per report showed massive retrocardiac hernia, markedly distended GB, pericholecystic fluid suggesting calculous cholecystitis. RUQ U/S showed thick GB wall but no stones. She was transferred here for further management. ED Course: Initial VS - 100.6, 110, 166/100, 16, 97%2LNC -Labs: 20.9WBC's, no bands, lactate 2.4, INR 1.0, BUN/Cr 15/1.0, K 3.8, LFT's wnl's, lipase 21. -EKG: NSR @ 118, NI, leftward axis, Q-waves in II, AVF, poor r-wave progression, no old priors on record -RUQ U/S: No stones, extra- and intra-hepatic biliary ducts with the common bile duct measuring up to 10 mm. -CXR: Large hiatal hernia, hyperinflated lungs, fibrotic pattern, no clear pleural effusions or infiltrates -Evaluated by surgery in the ED who felt given her presentation c/w cholecystitis/possible cholangitis but given comorbidities that she is an overall poor surgical candidate and recommended admission to medical service with percutaneous drainage by IR. -Admitted to MICU for further management On arrival to the MICU, patient's VS 99.2, 112, 162/84, 25, 96%2LNC. She confirms the above history and complains of mild headache. She otherwise denies chest pain, shortness of breath beyond her baseline, sore throat, cough, sinus tenderness, neck or back pain, urinary symptoms, or extremity discomfort other than her restless leg syndrome.
65M with history of HCV, HCC s/p left lateral segmentectomy in [**2135**] who presents now with 1-2 weeks of abdominal pain and overall weakness. He reports that ~10 days ago he had a few days of nausea and emesis; after this passed he began to feel very weak with decreased energy and dyspnea on exertion. Over the same time period he has begun to have sharp right upper quadrant pain, described as under his ribs, worsening with deep breaths in. He has been treating this with advil, he states that he takes three pills (unk strength) once a day. He also endorses involuntary 20lb weight loss over the past month. He denies hematemesis, denies blood in his stool or dark stools, denies changes in urinary frequency/urgency or color. He denies fevers or chills at home. 13 point review of systems is otherwise negative.
Mr. [**Known lastname **] is a 73 year old gentleman well known to the OMED service, recently discharged for dysphagia, recently s/p tracheal dilitation and stent placement; presented to the ED with 2 days of dyspnea, chills and an inability to clear sputum, leading to difficult sleeping. . In the ED, initial vs were: 98.6 110 149/74 20 100. Pulmonary was consulted and a bronch was performed.  The patient was found to have a paralyzed R vocal cord.  Around the time of the bronch, he became hypoxic with sats in the 80s refractory to oxygenation.  A blood gas was obtained and he was found to have methemeglobinemia of 64%.  Toxicology was consulted and the patient was given 90mg of Methylene blue, with subsequent blood gases demonstrating a reduction in methemeglobin.  The patient also received Racemic epi & heliox prior to intubation for stridor. Transfer VS 135 148/95 CMV Peep 10  Fi02100 on Propofol. . On arrival to the floor, the patient is intubated and sedated, unable to provide further history.  His partner confirms the limited story prior to the ED above.
In brief, this is a [**Age over 90 **]-year-oldwoman with a history of congestive heart failure, gastroesophageal reflux disease, anemia, silent myocardial infarction, AR/MR who presents on [**7-18**] with bilateral lower extremity weakness and hip pain.  A hematocrit that was done clots.  The patient was guaiac positive.  The [**Hospital 228**] home health aides reported that the patient had melanotic stools over the weekend.  The patient was transferred to the MICU and was transfused 4 units of packed red blood cells. Hospital course was complicated by 2 to 1 atrial flutter with heart rates in the 120s to 140s.  The patient had a troponin peak of 6.4.  The patient was to be cardioverted, but self q6h was started.  The patient was evaluated by gastrointestinal who thought that the upper bleed was due to NSAID use.  The patient was on Celebrex at home for arthritis and degenerative joint disease and recently had increased a dose from qd to [**Hospital1 **].  Gastroenterologists have decided not to scope the patient given her age and comorbidities, unless she becomes hemodynamically unstable in the future.  The patient has been managed with q8h hematocrit checks and Protonix 40 mg.  MICU course was also complicated by decreased oxygen saturations to the high 80s that was thought to be due to CSF exacerbation.  The patient has been gently diuresed with Lasix and is now saturating in the 90s on room air.
79 yo woman with history of a-fib, CHF s/p bioprosthetic mitral and s/p tricuspid valve annuloplasty, who initially was admitted to [**11-4**] after she presented to ED with persistent bleeding following L tooth extractions and posterior superior palate I and D. Patient initially had INR elevated to 2.1 secondary to warfarin use for atrial fibrillation. In ED ENT was consulted and pt was packed to help control bleeding. Her INR was reversed with vitamin K, 2 units FFP and her INR now is 1.1. She was hypotensive with SBP in 80's on admission and was admitted to the ICU. Hct was 21 on admission (baseline 30) and the patient required 3 units of PRBCs on [**11-4**]. Her Hct has been stable at 28-29 x more than 24 hours and she was called out from the ICU today. . Pt currently denies any feelings of light-headedness, no chest pain or difficulty breathing. Denies pain in her mouth, no recent fevers or chills. Further ROS negative.
83yo with a history DM, HTN, and MI with RCA stenting in [**2127**] arrived to ED by ambulance after 1 hr of substernal chest pain that came on while shoveling snow at approximately 11am this morning.  Upon arrival to the ED he was found to have ST elevations in V1-V5 with ST depressions in  II, III, AvF and Q waves in v1-V5 and new RBB.  He was urgently taken to cardiac cath where he was found to have complete acute occlusion of the proximal LAD with an completely occluded RCA and 90% occluded circumflex. After angioplasty flow was recovered in the LAD and a stent was placed.  During the procedure the patient had multiple episodes of ventricular tachycardia and underwent electrocardioversion several times and started on amiodarone. He vomitted and was intubated. He became hypotensive and was started on dopamine 15mcg/kg.  Post procedure PCWP was 40 mm/Hg with V waves to 80.  Bedside echo showed an VEF of 20-25% with 3+ MR.  [**Name13 (STitle) 6**] aortic balloon pump was not placed because he has a tortuous aorta. During the procedure he received over 600cc of contrast and was given 40mg of lasix. ROS: Per wife,  cardiac review of systems is notable for two weeks of fatigue, dyspnea on exertion, and presyncope. No chest pain before today's acute event. Also no paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle edema, or palpitations.
Pt is a 64 y/o African American gentleman who has a past medical history significant for DMII (most recent HbA1c:11.8 on [**2105-3-28**]), HTN, and BPH who initially presented with dysarthria, weakness and change in bladder habits. Pt was in his normal state of health until about a week ago when he began to notice an increase in the number of times he had to urinate. Although he has nocturia at baseline (usually wakes 3-4 times per week to use the bathroom at night), he began to use the bathroom during the day with increasing frequency, every 15-20 minutes. He found that he was urinating only a very small amount, "several drops" each time and felt like he had not completely emptied his bladder. Then, on [**2105-7-14**], the patient woke up and felt generally weak. He noticed his speech was slurred and his legs felt unsteady when getting up from bed. The weakness came on all of a sudden and he felt a cramping fatigue worst in his calves. He had no trouble understanding others or finding words, but noticed his pronunciation of words was impaired. In addition, he also felt intermittently very cold and then very hot. When his partner arrived home, she too immediately noticed the changes in his speech and brought him to the ED at [**Hospital3 **]. At [**Hospital1 **] initial VS were: 98.2 72 156/82 14 98% on RA. He was observed to have altered mental status, raising suspicion for possible TIA or stroke. Head CT was normal. Lab work was notable for Cr 10.4, K 8.4. He received 2 grams Ca-gluconate, 10 units of insulin and D50, sodium bicarbonate, and 15 mg PO Kayakelate. He was found to be in acute renal failure with hyperkalemia, with EKG changes notable for peaked T waves. Suspecting the need for emergent dialysis he was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**]. Pt arrived to the MICU at [**Hospital1 18**] where he was alert and oriented x3 At [**Hospital1 18**], he presented with SBPS to 190.  Electrolyte abnormalities not improved.  EKG with persistently peaked t waves.  He was transfered to the MICU and treated medically without need for hemodialysis.  Foley was placed with over 500cc relieved.  DRE showed prostate enlargement, symmetric in nature. In the MICU serial ekg's normalized.  He proceeded to have brisk urine output.  Potassium normalized and Cr trending downward. He has had chronic knee pain for which he takes acetaminophen; he also takes a nightly ibuprofen-containing sleep aid for insomnia.
The patient is a 65-year- old male, with a history of hepatitis C-related cirrhosis, who subsequently developed hepatocellular carcinoma that has undergone radiofrequency ablation. The patient was evaluated for liver transplantation and was found to be a suitable candidate. He was placed on the waiting list. A suitable donor has become available, and the patient is now brought to the operating room after informed consent was obtained for orthotopic deceased donor liver transplant.
This is a 53 year-old woman with history of CAD, CHF, copd on home oxygen, pulm hypertension, polysubstance abuse who presented to OSH earlier today ([**4-28**]) with altered mental status. As per records, patient presented after her VNA noted medical non-compliance and apparent overuse of sedating medications and summoned EMS. When patient arrived at OSH, the patient was somewhat confused and hypoxic to high 80's on 3 liters. (Unclear baseline requirement but on home oxygen). Also tachycardic to 100, tachypneic to mid 20's and hypertensive to 160's. She had low grade fevers to 99. She was felt to be in congestive heart failure, was noted to have hyperkalemia, and apparently new renal failure with creatinine in 6's. A central line was placed but then the patient became agitated, self-extracted the femoral line. Serial haldol, benadryl and ativan x3 were not effective in sedating her and therefore the patient was intubated for airway protection. The femoral line was replaced. The patient had a NG tube placed, was given kayxelate, calcium gluconate, bicarb, insulin, and glucose for hyperkalemia, las well as lasix for CHF. She was given a dose of levoquin for UTI/possible pneumonia. The patient had an anion gap acidosis and there was concern for ethylene glycol because "urate crystals" were noted in the urine. . She was noted to have coffee grounds by NGT. . The patient was transferred to [**Hospital1 18**] ER. In our ER, received a tox consult, renal consult, GI consult and CXR. The CXR confirmed CHF. Flomipazole was given for possible ethylene glycol intoxication. Renal recommended: no dialysis, give bicarb. GI recommended: protonix, ffp and vitamin K. Tox: no other reccs. . Vitamin K 10 subcut, 2 units FFP, protonix, insulin, dextrose, calcium gluconate, Kaexelate and bicarb given. .
56yo male with a history of DM2, CAD s/p CABG, peripheral vascular disease, and prior history of chronic lymphedema was admitted on [**2207-8-16**] for LLE cellulitis.  His left lower extremity lymphedema started after vascular surgery in [**2205**] (L SFA to anterior tibial bypass graft).  Left leg is extremely painful. More recently he has been on his feet more, which has been causing worsening edema and pain. He has occasional serous drainage from left leg.  He was admitted to the hospital for aggressive treatment of his lymphedema and broad spectrum antibiotics
This is a [**Age over 90 **] y.o. female with past medical history of CAD, critical AS, hypertension, and radiation proctitis who presented to the emergency department after sustaining an unwitnessed fall this morning. The patient was moving from a commode to the bed when she sustained a fall. The exact circumstances of this fall are unclear. She does not remember experiencing any chest pain, shortness of breath. The patient's son, who lives with her, heard her fall and found her on the ground lying on her left side. She was oriented and appropriate but complaining of severe left arm pain. In the ED initial vitals T 96.8, HR 72, BP 141/88, RR 16, O2 Sat 91% on RA. She went for radiographs, which revealed a left femoral neck fracture, and then became hypotensive to 70s after returning from radiology. She had some sensation of dizziness and appeared pale but denied any localizing pain symptoms or shortness of breath. She vomited once. After receving 3 L of IVF her SBP's improved to the 90's but then drifted back down to the 70's. Serial ECG with baseline LVH but transient STE in V2. 1st set of cardiac enzymes was negative. The patient endorsed mild abdominal pain but denies chest pain, dyspnea, or presyncope. She has had normal BM's. Vitals at time of signout T 96.5, AF 100-117, BP 80/45, RR 16, O2 97% on 2L. Currently, she reports [**10-30**] left shoulder pain but denies any chest pain, dyspnea, or other acute symptoms at this time. Cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain, dyspnea on exertion, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle edema, palpitations, syncope or presyncope. REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: On review of systems, she endorses chronic minimally productive cough as well as mild abdominal pain and loose stools related to her radiation proctitis. She denies any prior history of stroke, TIA, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, bleeding at the time of surgery, myalgias, joint pains, cough, hemoptysis, black stools or red stools. She denies recent fevers, chills or rigors. She denies exertional buttock or calf pain. All of the other review of systems were negative.